Distinctive Image Features from Scale-Invariant Keypoints.
Fast Algorithms for Mining Association Rules in Large Databases.
Mining Association Rules between Sets of Items in Large Databases.
The Anatomy of a Large-Scale Hypertextual Web Search Engine.
Chord: A scalable peer-to-peer lookup service for internet applications.
A Method for Obtaining Digital Signatures and Public-Key Cryptosystems.
Graph-Based Algorithms for Boolean Function Manipulation.
Bagging Predictors.
Genetic programming - on the programming of computers by means of natural selection.
Induction of Decision Trees.
Time, Clocks, and the Ordering of Events in a Distributed System.
R-Trees: A Dynamic Index Structure for Spatial Searching.
Abstract Interpretation: A Unified Lattice Model for Static Analysis of Programs by Construction or Approximation of Fixpoints.
Support-Vector Networks.
Pastry: Scalable, Decentralized Object Location, and Routing for Large-Scale Peer-to-Peer Systems.
A scalable content-addressable network.
A Computational Approach to Edge Detection.
A Tutorial on Support Vector Machines for Pattern Recognition.
Communication and concurrency.
Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Eigenfaces vs. Fisherfaces: Recognition Using Class Specific Linear Projection.
Data Clustering: A Review.
Scheduling Algorithms for Multiprogramming in a Hard-Real-Time Environment.
Normalized Cuts and Image Segmentation.
Conditional Random Fields: Probabilistic Models for Segmenting and Labeling Sequence Data.
A Relational Model of Data for Large Shared Data Banks.
Authoritative Sources in a Hyperlinked Environment.
Maintaining Knowledge about Temporal Intervals.
Random Sample Consensus: A Paradigm for Model Fitting with Applications to Image Analysis and Automated Cartography.
Marching cubes: A high resolution 3D surface construction algorithm.
A Theory of Timed Automata.
Random Oracles are Practical: A Paradigm for Designing Efficient Protocols.
A Decision-Theoretic Generalization of On-Line Learning and an Application to Boosting.
Text Categorization with Suport Vector Machines: Learning with Many Relevant Features.
Wireless sensor networks: a survey.
The R*-Tree: An Efficient and Robust Access Method for Points and Rectangles.
The Anatomy of the Grid: Enabling Scalable Virtual Organizations.
The Anatomy of the Grid - Enabling Scalable Virtual Organizations
Term-Weighting Approaches in Automatic Text Retrieval.
Ad-hoc On-Demand Distance Vector Routing.
Statecharts: A Visual Formalism for Complex Systems.
The Unified Modeling Language User Guide.
Energy-Efficient Communication Protocol for Wireless Microsensor Networks.
Role-Based Access Control Models.
Content-Based Image Retrieval at the End of the Early Years.
Directed diffusion: a scalable and robust communication paradigm for sensor networks.
A Theory for Multiresolution Signal Decomposition: The Wavelet Representation.
Machine Learning in Automated Text Categorization
GPSR: greedy perimeter stateless routing for wireless networks.
Machine learning in automated text categorization.
A Method for Registration of 3-D Shapes.
Building a Large Annotated Corpus of English: The Penn Treebank.
Mining Sequential Patterns.
Identity-Based Cryptosystems and Signature Schemes.
Congestion avoidance and control.
Chaff: Engineering an Efficient SAT Solver.
Scale-Space and Edge Detection Using Anisotropic Diffusion.
The Description Logic Handbook: Theory, Implementation, and Applications
Mining Frequent Patterns without Candidate Generation.
Random early detection gateways for congestion avoidance.
MapReduce: Simplified Data Processing on Large Clusters.
On Combining Classifiers.
The Model Checker SPIN.
Xen and the art of virtualization.
GroupLens: An Open Architecture for Collaborative Filtering of Netnews.
Space/Time Trade-offs in Hash Coding with Allowable Errors.
Mean Shift: A Robust Approach Toward Feature Space Analysis.
A Comparative Study on Feature Selection in Text Categorization.
An Axiomatic Basis for Computer Programming.
WordNet: A Lexical Database for English.
The SPLASH-2 Programs: Characterization and Methodological Considerations.
Wrappers for Feature Subset Selection.
Highly Dynamic Destination-Sequenced Distance-Vector Routing (DSDV) for mobile computers.
Wattch: a framework for architectural-level power analysis and optimizations.
A Vector Space Model for Automatic Indexing.
Robust Real-Time Face Detection.
A Digital Signature Scheme Secure Against Adaptive Chosen-Message Attacks.
An Overview of AspectJ.
An Introduction to Variable and Feature Selection.
Object Recognition from Local Scale-Invariant Features.
On the Criteria To Be Used in Decomposing Systems into Modules.
Communicating Sequential Processes.
Nonlinear Component Analysis as a Kernel Eigenvalue Problem.
Impossibility of Distributed Consensus with One Faulty Process
Fundamentals of speech recognition.
The Vision of Autonomic Computing.
A survey of approaches to automatic schema matching.
Tangible Bits: Towards Seamless Interfaces between People, Bits and Atoms.
MediaBench: A Tool for Evaluating and Synthesizing Multimedia and Communicatons Systems.
Untraceable Electronic Mail, Return Addresses, and Digital Pseudonyms.
Color indexing.
A Performance Comparison of Multi-Hop Wireless Ad Hoc Network Routing Protocols.
Toward the Next Generation of Recommender Systems: A Survey of the State-of-the-Art and Possible Extensions.
A machine program for theorem-proving.
Automatic Verification of Finite-State Concurrent Systems Using Temporal Logic Specifications.
Shape Matching and Object Recognition Using Shape Contexts.
Bleu: a Method for Automatic Evaluation of Machine Translation.
Temporal and Modal Logic.
Histograms of Oriented Gradients for Human Detection.
The Complexity of Theorem-Proving Procedures
On the self-similar nature of Ethernet traffic (extended version).
Case-Based Reasoning: Foundational Issues, Methodological Variations, and System Approaches.
How to Prove Yourself: Practical Solutions to Identification and Signature Problems.
Optimizing search engines using clickthrough data.
A Training Algorithm for Optimal Margin Classifiers.
A Model of Saliency-Based Visual Attention for Rapid Scene Analysis.
Integer and combinatorial optimization.
Flocks, herds and schools: A distributed behavioral model.
Item-based collaborative filtering recommendation algorithms.
Instance-Based Learning Algorithms.
Query by Image and Video Content: The QBIC System.
BIRCH: An Efficient Data Clustering Method for Very Large Databases.
Design and Synthesis of Synchronization Skeletons Using Branching-Time Temporal Logic.
Fast Approximate Energy Minimization via Graph Cuts.
Linear Logic.
Access Path Selection in a Relational Database Management System.
Statistical Comparisons of Classifiers over Multiple Data Sets.
A Machine-Oriented Logic Based on the Resolution Principle.
On Power-law Relationships of the Internet Topology.
Identity Based Encryption From the Weil Pairing.
The Byzantine Generals Problem.
On the Acceptability of Arguments and its Fundamental Role in Nonmonotonic Reasoning, Logic Programming and n-Person Games.
Multilayer feedforward networks are universal approximators.
Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing.
A Metrics Suite for Object Oriented Design.
Face recognition: A literature survey.
Wide area traffic: the failure of Poisson modeling.
Models and Issues in Data Stream Systems.
Fast Discovery of Association Rules.
The FERET Evaluation Methodology for Face-Recognition Algorithms.
Virtual Time.
A Generalized Processor Sharing Approach to Flow Control in Integrated Services Networks: The Multiple Node Case.
Progressive Meshes.
An information-maximization approach to blind separation and blind deconvolution.
Evaluating collaborative filtering recommender systems.
A Performance Evaluation of Local Descriptors.
A generalized processor sharing approach to flow control in integrated services networks: the single-node case.
Multidimensional Binary Search Trees Used for Associative Searching.
A Computing Procedure for Quantification Theory.
Statistical Pattern Recognition: A Review.
Plans and situated actions - the problem of human-machine communication.
A Re-Examination of Text Categorization Methods.
The Cricket location-support system.
A Bayesian Method for the Induction of Probabilistic Networks from Data.
Amortized Efficiency of List Update and Paging Rules.
Gene Selection for Cancer Classification using Support Vector Machines.
The Eigentrust algorithm for reputation management in P2P networks.
Networks on Chips: A New SoC Paradigm.
Linearizability: A Correctness Condition for Concurrent Objects.
The Active Badge Location System.
LIBSVM: A library for support vector machines.
Pfinder: Real-Time Tracking of the Human Body.
The WEKA data mining software: an update.
Wireless sensor networks for habitat monitoring.
Generative Communication in Linda.
Thumbs up? Sentiment Classification using Machine Learning Techniques
Laplacian Eigenmaps for Dimensionality Reduction and Data Representation.
Notes on Data Base Operating Systems.
A Maximum Entropy Approach to Natural Language Processing.
The Knowledge Complexity of Interactive Proof Systems.
A key-management scheme for distributed sensor networks.
The Notions of Consistency and Predicate Locks in a Database System.
Unreliable Failure Detectors for Reliable Distributed Systems.
The Program Dependence Graph and Its Use in Optimization.
Geodesic Active Contours.
The Sybil Attack.
Partial evaluation and automatic program generation.
Data Integration: A Theoretical Perspective.
Adaptive Hypermedia.
Surface simplification using quadric error metrics.
Video Google: A Text Retrieval Approach to Object Matching in Videos.
The Temporal Logic of Programs
Separation Logic: A Logic for Shared Mutable Data Structures.
GroupLens: Applying Collaborative Filtering to Usenet News.
Self-stabilizing Systems in Spite of Distributed Control.
Content-Based, Collaborative Recommendation.
Attention, Intentions, and the Structure of Discourse.
A Case for Redundant Arrays of Inexpensive Disks (RAID).
Understanding and Using Context.
Using Collaborative Filtering to Weave an Information Tapestry.
Automatic Acquisition of Hyponyms from Large Text Corpora.
Statistical Phrase-Based Translation.
Using Encryption for Authentication in Large Networks of Computers.
How to construct random functions.
Myrinet: A Gigabit-per-Second Local Area Network.
Bayesian Network Classifiers.
Performance of optical flow techniques.
Systematic Design of Program Analysis Frameworks.
Automatic Subspace Clustering of High Dimensional Data for Data Mining Applications.
Text Classification from Labeled and Unlabeled Documents using EM.
Next Century Challenges: Scalable Coordination in Sensor Networks.
A Morphable Model for the Synthesis of 3D Faces.
An Algorithmic Framework for Performing Collaborative Filtering.
A Taxonomy and Evaluation of Dense Two-Frame Stereo Correspondence Algorithms.
Cache Memories.
Pin: building customized program analysis tools with dynamic instrumentation.
The String-to-String Correction Problem.
Multiresolution Gray-Scale and Rotation Invariant Texture Classification with Local Binary Patterns.
Thumbs Up or Thumbs Down? Semantic Orientation Applied to Unsupervised Classification of Reviews.
A Bridging Model for Parallel Computation.
A Practical Public Key Cryptosystem Provably Secure Against Adaptive Chosen Ciphertext Attack.
The Well-Founded Semantics for General Logic Programs.
Distributed Snapshots: Determining Global States of Distributed Systems
Self-similarity in World Wide Web traffic: evidence and possible causes.
The Google file system.
A Systematic Comparison of Various Statistical Alignment Models.
Transactional Memory: Architectural Support for Lock-Free Data Structures.
Geography-informed energy conservation for Ad Hoc routing.
The Strength of Weak Learnability.
An Information-Theoretic Definition of Similarity.
Deadlock-Free Message Routing in Multiprocessor Interconnection Networks.
Cumulated gain-based evaluation of IR techniques.
Light Field Rendering.
Thumbs Up or Thumbs Down? Semantic Orientation Applied to Unsupervised Classification of Reviews
An Iterative Image Registration Technique with an Application to Stereo Vision.
Multidimensional Access Methods.
Toward principles for the design of ontologies used for knowledge sharing?
Federated Database Systems for Managing Distributed, Heterogeneous, and Autonomous Databases.
Texture Features for Browsing and Retrieval of Image Data.
Construction of Abstract State Graphs with PVS.
Computing with Membranes.
Random Key Predistribution Schemes for Sensor Networks.
Mining Sequential Patterns: Generalizations and Performance Improvements.
Wireless Integrated Network Sensors.
Agents that Reduce Work and Information Overload.
A linear-time heuristic for improving network partitions.
Versatile low power media access for wireless sensor networks.
The Random Subspace Method for Constructing Decision Forests.
Awareness and Coordination in Shared Workspaces.
Efficient Similarity Search In Sequence Databases.
DataGuides: Enabling Query Formulation and Optimization in Semistructured Databases.
The Complexity of Satisfiability Problems
Queries and Concept Learning.
Kernel-Based Object Tracking.
Neural Network-Based Face Detection.
Bilateral Filtering for Gray and Color Images.
Simics: A Full System Simulation Platform.
Extended Static Checking for Java.
Nearest Neighbor Queries.
CURE: An Efficient Clustering Algorithm for Large Databases.
Polynomial-Time Algorithms for Prime Factorization and Discrete Logarithms on a Quantum Computer.
Public-Key Cryptosystems Based on Composite Degree Residuosity Classes.
Automatic Discovery of Linear Restraints Among Variables of a Program.
On the Optimality of the Simple Bayesian Classifier under Zero-One Loss.
Fast Subsequence Matching in Time-Series Databases.
Efficient String Matching: An Aid to Bibliographic Search.
Implementing Data Cubes Efficiently.
Approximate Nearest Neighbors: Towards Removing the Curse of Dimensionality.
A Flexible New Technique for Camera Calibration.
Location Systems for Ubiquitous Computing.
A high-throughput path metric for multi-hop wireless routing.
Dynamic fine-grained localization in Ad-Hoc networks of sensors.
Improved Boosting Algorithms Using Confidence-rated Predictions.
Active Appearance Models.
Mitigating routing misbehavior in mobile ad hoc networks.
Transductive Inference for Text Classification using Support Vector Machines.
An Overview of Data Warehousing and OLAP Technology.
Reaching Agreement in the Presence of Faults.
Maximizing the spread of influence through a social network.
The Lumigraph.
Improved Approximation Algorithms for Maximum Cut and Satisfiability Problems Using Semidefinite Programming.
Matrix Multiplication via Arithmetic Progressions.
Analysis and Simulation of a Fair Queueing Algorithm.
Resilient Overlay Networks.
Mediators in the Architecture of Future Information Systems.
The CN2 Induction Algorithm.
Symbolic Boolean Manipulation with Ordered Binary-Decision Diagrams.
Comparison of Multiobjective Evolutionary Algorithms: Empirical Results.
Improving Direct-Mapped Cache Performance by the Addition of a Small Fully-Associative Cache and Prefetch Buffers.
Semantic Matching of Web Services Capabilities.
Optimal Implementation of Conjunctive Queries in Relational Data Bases
MapReduce: simplified data processing on large clusters.
From Few to Many: Illumination Cone Models for Face Recognition under Variable Lighting and Pose.
Identity-Based Encryption from the Weil Pairing.
Beyond Bags of Features: Spatial Pyramid Matching for Recognizing Natural Scene Categories.
Face Recognition by Elastic Bunch Graph Matching.
Graph structure in the Web.
Minimum Error Rate Training in Statistical Machine Translation.
Tor: The Second-Generation Onion Router.
M-tree: An Efficient Access Method for Similarity Search in Metric Spaces.
Querying Heterogeneous Information Sources Using Source Descriptions
Chord: a scalable peer-to-peer lookup protocol for internet applications.
A Maximum-Entropy-Inspired Parser.
Automatically characterizing large scale program behavior.
An Empirical Comparison of Voting Classification Algorithms: Bagging, Boosting, and Variants.
Detecting Faces in Images: A Survey.
The Complexity of Relational Query Languages (Extended Abstract)
A Study of Smoothing Methods for Language Models Applied to Ad Hoc Information Retrieval.
The X-tree : An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Data
A Quantitative Analysis and Performance Study for Similarity-Search Methods in High-Dimensional Spaces.
A Space-Economical Suffix Tree Construction Algorithm.
Amazon.com Recommendations: Item-to-Item Collaborative Filtering.
Learning Patterns of Activity Using Real-Time Tracking.
Learning to Predict by the Methods of Temporal Differences.
Dynamic Itemset Counting and Implication Rules for Market Basket Data.
Learning Bayesian Networks: The Combination of Knowledge and Statistical Data.
Watersheds in Digital Spaces: An Efficient Algorithm Based on Immersion Simulations.
Modeling TCP Throughput: A Simple Model and Its Empirical Validation.
Groupware: Some Issues and Experiences.
Scatter/Gather: A Cluster-based Approach to Browsing Large Document Collections.
Generating Representative Web Workloads for Network and Server Performance Evaluation.
Shape and motion from image streams under orthography: a factorization method.
Usage patterns of collaborative tagging systems.
DART: directed automated random testing.
Lazy abstraction.
A Calculus of Mobile Processes, I
Petri Nets: An Introduction
No Silver Bullet - Essence and Accidents of Software Engineering.
Snort: Lightweight Intrusion Detection for Networks.
The R+-Tree: A Dynamic Index for Multi-Dimensional Objects.
Open, Closed, and Mixed Networks of Queues with Different Classes of Customers.
An Experimental Comparison of Min-Cut/Max-Flow Algorithms for Energy Minimization in Vision.
Notions of Computation and Monads
Monitors: An Operating System Structuring Concept.
Image retrieval: Ideas, influences, and trends of the new age.
The click modular router.
Answering queries using views: A survey.
The Gaia Methodology for Agent-Oriented Analysis and Design.
Query Evaluation Techniques for Large Databases.
A case for end system multicast.
The Broadcast Storm Problem in a Mobile ad hoc Network.
Texture Synthesis by Non-parametric Sampling.
Crowds: Anonymity for Web Transactions.
Intention is Choice with Commitment.
Transformation-Based Error-Driven Learning and Natural Language Processing: A Case Study in Part-of-Speech Tagging.
Fibonacci heaps and their uses in improved network optimization algorithms.
Unsupervised Word Sense Disambiguation Rivaling Supervised Methods.
Can Programming Be Liberated From the von Neumann Style? A Functional Style and its Algebra of Programs.
Proposed NIST standard for role-based access control.
Mining and summarizing customer reviews.
A Fast Quantum Mechanical Algorithm for Database Search.
The Esterel Synchronous Programming Language: Design, Semantics, Implementation.
Non-Interactive and Information-Theoretic Secure Verifiable Secret Sharing.
A Logic-based Calculus of Events.
Wide-Area Cooperative Storage with CFS.
Automata on Infinite Objects.
Non-Interactive Zero-Knowledge Proof of Knowledge and Chosen Ciphertext Attack.
Bandera: extracting finite-state models from Java source code.
Relevance-Based Language Models.
Extending the Database Relational Model to Capture More Meaning.
Some Computer Science Issues in Ubiquitous Computing.
Comparing Images Using the Hausdorff Distance.
Timing Attacks on Implementations of Diffie-Hellman, RSA, DSS, and Other Systems.
The Use of MMR, Diversity-Based Reranking for Reordering Documents and Producing Summaries.
The Eyes Have It: A Task by Data Type Taxonomy for Information Visualizations.
The many faces of publish/subscribe.
Surface reconstruction from unorganized points.
Shape Modeling with Front Propagation: A Level Set Approach.
Scale and Performance in a Distributed File System.
A Classification and Comparison Framework for Software Architecture Description Languages.
An Efficient Algorithm for Mining Association Rules in Large Databases.
Towards a General Theory of Action and Time.
Query Expansion Using Local and Global Document Analysis.
SimpleScalar: An Infrastructure for Computer System Modeling.
Hypertext: An Introduction and Survey.
Face Recognition Using Laplacianfaces.
The Contract Net Protocol: High-Level Communication and Control in a Distributed Problem Solver.
Automatic Retrieval and Clustering of Similar Words.
Mining Quantitative Association Rules in Large Relational Tables.
Selection of Relevant Features and Examples in Machine Learning.
A Spiral Model of Software Development and Enhancement.
Learning Logical Definitions from Relations.
Design and evaluation of a wide-area event notification service.
Routing in multi-radio, multi-hop wireless mesh networks.
Taming the underlying challenges of reliable multihop routing in sensor networks.
Training Support Vector Machines: an Application to Face Detection.
A Fast String Searching Algorithm.
Symbolic Execution and Program Testing.
A Formal Basis for Architectural Connection.
Inductive Learning Algorithms and Representations for Text Categorization.
A taxonomy of web search.
Breaking and Fixing the Needham-Schroeder Public-Key Protocol Using FDR.
Generic Schema Matching with Cupid.
Neural Network Ensembles.
Implementing Remote Procedure Calls
The Skyline Operator.
A Roadmap of Agent Research and Development.
System R: Relational Approach to Database Management.
Concurrency and Automata on Infinite Sequences.
A Lattice Model of Secure Information Flow.
Variable Precision Rough Set Model.
SIMPLIcity: Semantics-Sensitive Integrated Matching for Picture LIbraries.
A Logic of Authentication.
An adaptive energy-efficient MAC protocol for wireless sensor networks.
Temporal Constraint Networks.
An Evaluation of Statistical Approaches to Text Categorization.
Scalable Recognition with a Vocabulary Tree.
Heuristics - intelligent search strategies for computer problem solving.
Reinforcement Learning: A Survey
W4: Real-Time Surveillance of People and Their Activities.
Focused Crawling: A New Approach to Topic-Specific Web Resource Discovery.
Optimal Aggregation Algorithms for Middleware.
Search and replication in unstructured peer-to-peer networks.
Mobile Ambients.
Visual learning and recognition of 3-d objects from appearance.
Cluster Ensembles --- A Knowledge Reuse Framework for Combining Multiple Partitions.
Suffix Arrays: A New Method for On-Line String Searches.
Moses: Open Source Toolkit for Statistical Machine Translation.
Linda in Context.
Software Pipelining: An Effective Scheduling Technique for VLIW Machines.
Free-form deformation of solid geometric models.
Efficiently Mining Long Patterns from Databases.
A Highly Adaptive Distributed Routing Algorithm for Mobile Wireless Networks.
Nonmalleable Cryptography.
From Data Mining to Knowledge Discovery: An Overview.
The Input/Output Complexity of Sorting and Related Problems.
Completely Derandomized Self-Adaptation in Evolution Strategies.
Reinforcement Learning: A Survey.
A Pseudorandom Generator from any One-way Function.
LogP: Towards a Realistic Model of Parallel Computation.
Proof verification and the hardness of approximation problems.
Adaptive Protocols for Information Dissemination in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Toolglass and magic lenses: the see-through interface.
On Understanding Types, Data Abstraction, and Polymorphism.
An Experimental Comparison of Three Methods for Constructing Ensembles of Decision Trees: Bagging, Boosting, and Randomization.
Hybrid Recommender Systems: Survey and Experiments.
DiamondTouch: a multi-user touch technology.
Alternation.
Accurate Unlexicalized Parsing.
A Study of Cross-Validation and Bootstrap for Accuracy Estimation and Model Selection.
VisualSEEk: A Fully Automated Content-Based Image Query System.
An Efficient Context-Free Parsing Algorithm.
Learning Regular Sets from Queries and Counterexamples
A Calculus of Mobile Processes, II
An Effective Hash Based Algorithm for Mining Association Rules.
Degrees of Separation: Multi-Dimensional Separation of Concerns.
TOSSIM: accurate and scalable simulation of entire tinyOS applications.
Region Competition: Unifying Snakes, Region Growing, and Bayes/MDL for Multiband Image Segmentation.
Priority Inheritance Protocols: An Approach to Real-Time Synchronization.
Protecting Respondents' Identities in Microdata Release.
"GrabCut": interactive foreground extraction using iterated graph cuts.
A Volumetric Method for Building Complex Models from Range Images.
Weighted Voting for Replicated Data.
Similarity Search in High Dimensions via Hashing.
Applying "Design by Contract".
Relations Among Notions of Security for Public-Key Encryption Schemes.
NiagaraCQ: A Scalable Continuous Query System for Internet Databases.
The network weather service: a distributed resource performance forecasting service for metacomputing.
RCV1: A New Benchmark Collection for Text Categorization Research.
Eraser: A Dynamic Data Race Detector for Multithreaded Programs.
The Interdisciplinary Study of Coordination.
The Design and Use of Steerable Filters.
The Weighted Majority Algorithm
Principal Warps: Thin-Plate Splines and the Decomposition of Deformations.
Kademlia: A Peer-to-Peer Information System Based on the XOR Metric.
Beyond Market Baskets: Generalizing Association Rules to Correlations.
Database Abstractions: Aggregation.
A Linear-Time Algorithm for Finding Tree-Decompositions of Small Treewidth.
Basic Concepts and Taxonomy of Dependable and Secure Computing.
Opinion Mining and Sentiment Analysis.
Relational Databases for Querying XML Documents: Limitations and Opportunities.
Syntactic Clustering of the Web.
Sparse Bayesian Learning and the Relevance Vector Machine.
Proofs of Partial Knowledge and Simplified Design of Witness Hiding Protocols.
Mining Generalized Association Rules.
A Randomized Protocol for Signing Contracts.
A Comparison of Affine Region Detectors.
The Algorithmic Analysis of Hybrid Systems.
The Temporal Logic of Actions.
IR evaluation methods for retrieving highly relevant documents.
Holistic twig joins: optimal XML pattern matching.
Topic-sensitive PageRank.
Speeded-Up Robust Features (SURF).
A survey of trust and reputation systems for online service provision.
Directed diffusion for wireless sensor networking.
Data Cube: A Relational Aggregation Operator Generalizing Group-By, Cross-Tab, and Sub-Total.
A Hard-Core Predicate for all One-Way Functions
Accurate Methods for the Statistics of Surprise and Coincidence.
A High-Performance, Portable Implementation of the MPI Message Passing Interface Standard.
Database Abstractions: Aggregation and Generalization.
Power-Aware Routing in Mobile Ad Hoc Networks.
Points-to Analysis in Almost Linear Time.
The Visual Analysis of Human Movement: A Survey.
Learnability and the Vapnik-Chervonenkis dimension.
How bad is selfish routing?
A Comparative Analysis of Methodologies for Database Schema Integration.
Labeling images with a computer game.
Algorithms, Games, and the Internet.
Goal-Directed Requirements Acquisition.
A decision-theoretic generalization of on-line learning and an application to boosting.
Learning to rank using gradient descent.
An introduction to ROC analysis.
A delay-tolerant network architecture for challenged internets.
A set of level 3 basic linear algebra subprograms.
A Scheduling Model for Reduced CPU Energy.
Analysis of recommendation algorithms for e-commerce.
The rendering equation.
Z3: An Efficient SMT Solver.
LLVM: A Compilation Framework for Lifelong Program Analysis & Transformation.
The Earth Mover's Distance as a Metric for Image Retrieval.
Learning the Kernel Matrix with Semidefinite Programming.
Markov logic networks.
Towards a Theory of Declarative Knowledge.
Managing the software process.
Equation-based congestion control for unicast applications.
Discovery of Frequent Episodes in Event Sequences.
Promoting the use of end-to-end congestion control in the Internet.
Hierarchical Mixtures of Experts and the EM Algorithm.
gSpan: Graph-Based Substructure Pattern Mining.
Guarded Commands, Nondeterminacy and Formal Derivation of Programs.
Genetic Algorithms for Multiobjective Optimization: FormulationDiscussion and Generalization.
Parallel Database Systems: The Future of High Performance Database Systems.
Reputation systems.
Medium access control with coordinated adaptive sleeping for wireless sensor networks.
Surround-screen projection-based virtual reality: the design and implementation of the CAVE.
Universal One-Way Hash Functions and their Cryptographic Applications
Range-free localization schemes for large scale sensor networks.
LOF: Identifying Density-Based Local Outliers.
A Survey of Wormhole Routing Techniques in Direct Networks.
Efficient Graph-Based Image Segmentation.
Interprocedural Slicing Using Dependence Graphs.
MACAW: A Media Access Protocol for Wireless LAN's.
OBBTree: A Hierarchical Structure for Rapid Interference Detection.
An Assumption-Based TMS.
The Random Oracle Methodology, Revisited (Preliminary Version).
A Transformation System for Developing Recursive Programs.
How to Generate Cryptographically Strong Sequences of Pseudo-Random Bits.
C++ Programming Language.
Wallet Databases with Observers.
Recovering high dynamic range radiance maps from photographs.
TinyDB: an acquisitional query processing system for sensor networks.
A Fast Fixed-Point Algorithm for Independent Component Analysis.
The Design and Implementation of INGRES.
An Intrusion-Detection Model.
Object Recognition as Machine Translation: Learning a Lexicon for a Fixed Image Vocabulary.
Mobility Increases the Capacity of Ad-hoc Wireless Networks.
Modeling and Rendering Architecture from Photographs: A Hybrid Geometry- and Image-Based Approach.
Sampling Large Databases for Association Rules.
A guided tour to approximate string matching.
An Overview of Workflow Management: From Process Modeling to Workflow Automation Infrastructure.
Elastically deformable models.
A Field Study of the Software Design Process for Large Systems.
A Survey of Image Registration Techniques.
Logical Foundations of Object-Oriented and Frame-Based Languages.
Matching Words and Pictures.
A Validity Measure for Fuzzy Clustering.
Graph Drawing by Force-directed Placement.
Virtual-Channel Flow Control.
QoS-Aware Middleware for Web Services Composition.
The Cache Performance and Optimizations of Blocked Algorithms.
Floating search methods in feature selection.
Rank aggregation methods for the Web.
Intelligence without Representation.
Nonmonotonic Reasoning, Preferential Models and Cumulative Logics.
An image synthesizer.
Efficient and Effective Querying by Image Content.
Quantitative System Performance Computer System Analysis Using Queueing Network Models.
The DLV system for knowledge representation and reasoning.
Mersenne Twister: A 623-Dimensionally Equidistributed Uniform Pseudo-Random Number Generator.
Diagnosing Multiple Faults.
An Optimal Algorithm for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Searching Fixed Dimensions.
Developing multiagent systems: The Gaia methodology.
Teddy: A Sketching Interface for 3D Freeform Design.
Tropos: An Agent-Oriented Software Development Methodology.
Agent-Oriented Programming.
Word Association Norms, Mutual Information, and Lexicography.
Model Checking and Abstraction.
NeXt generation/dynamic spectrum access/cognitive radio wireless networks: A survey.
High Confidence Visual Recognition of Persons by a Test of Statistical Independence.
The Grid File: An Adaptable, Symmetric Multikey File Structure.
Parameter variations and impact on circuits and microarchitecture.
Cone Trees: animated 3D visualizations of hierarchical information.
A Stochastic Parts Program and Noun Phrase Parser for Unrestricted Text.
Public-key Cryptosystems Provably Secure against Chosen Ciphertext Attacks
Algorithms, games, and the internet.
Cyberguide: A mobile context-aware tour guide.
Register Allocation & Spilling via Graph Coloring.
The Inductive Approach to Verifying Cryptographic Protocols.
Dynamo: a transparent dynamic optimization system.
The digital Michelangelo project: 3D scanning of large statues.
SOAR: An Architecture for General Intelligence.
Ethernet: Distributed Packet Switching for Local Computer Networks.
Data Cube: A Relational Aggregation Operator Generalizing Group-by, Cross-Tab, and Sub Totals.
A Syntactic Approach to Type Soundness
Disconnected Operation in the Coda File System.
Property Testing and its Connection to Learning and Approximation.
Computer Self-Efficacy: Development of a Measure and Initial Test.
Some optimal inapproximability results.
The Recognition of Human Movement Using Temporal Templates.
On Supporting Containment Queries in Relational Database Management Systems.
Efficient Group Signature Schemes for Large Groups (Extended Abstract).
Plenoptic modeling: an image-based rendering system.
Design: Cultural probes.
Algebraic Laws for Nondeterminism and Concurrency
Image quilting for texture synthesis and transfer.
Some Complexity Questions Related to Distributive Computing (Preliminary Report)
Indexing and Querying XML Data for Regular Path Expressions.
Independent component analysis: algorithms and applications.
The 4+1 View Model of Architecture.
The DeLone and McLean Model of Information Systems Success: A Ten-Year Update.
Scalable application layer multicast.
OPTICS: Ordering Points To Identify the Clustering Structure.
Use of the Hough Transformation to Detect Lines and Curves in Pictures.
The Semantics of Predicate Logic as a Programming Language.
Fast Algorithms for Finding Nearest Common Ancestors.
A signal processing approach to fair surface design.
Estimating the Support of a High-Dimensional Distribution.
PCA versus LDA.
On Optimistic Methods for Concurrency Control.
Complexity-Effective Superscalar Processors.
Biclustering of Expression Data.
Real life, real users, and real needs: a study and analysis of user queries on the web.
Span: An energy-efficient coordination algorithm for topology maintenance in Ad Hoc wireless networks.
ATOM - A System for Building Customized Program Analysis Tools.
Multiresolution analysis of arbitrary meshes.
Analysis of the Increase and Decrease Algorithms for Congestion Avoidance in Computer Networks.
Probabilistic Visual Learning for Object Representation.
Mobility increases the capacity of ad hoc wireless networks.
Automatic image annotation and retrieval using cross-media relevance models.
Implementing Fault-Tolerant Services Using the State Machine Approach: A Tutorial.
A Security Architecture for Computational Grids.
Fast Probabilistic Algorithms for Verification of Polynomial Identities.
Using Discriminant Eigenfeatures for Image Retrieval.
Two-Dimensional PCA: A New Approach to Appearance-Based Face Representation and Recognition.
Using Information Content to Evaluate Semantic Similarity in a Taxonomy.
A scalable location service for geographic ad hoc routing.
Interface automata.
Understanding Code Mobility.
CYC: A Large-Scale Investment in Knowledge Infrastructure.
Neural Networks and the Bias/Variance Dilemma.
QSplat: a multiresolution point rendering system for large meshes.
PVS: A Prototype Verification System.
Trawling the Web for Emerging Cyber-Communities.
Multitask Learning.
AgentSpeak(L): BDI Agents Speak Out in a Logical Computable Language.
Fast Planning Through Planning Graph Analysis.
How to Construct Pseudorandom Permutations from Pseudorandom Functions.
Some Simple Effective Approximations to the 2-Poisson Model for Probabilistic Weighted Retrieval.
GloMoSim: A Library for Parallel Simulation of Large-Scale Wireless Networks.
Document Language Models, Query Models, and Risk Minimization for Information Retrieval.
Depth-First Iterative-Deepening: An Optimal Admissible Tree Search.
Memory Coherence in Shared Virtual Memory Systems.
The NURBS book.
Specification and verification of concurrent systems in CESAR.
Consistent Hashing and Random Trees: Distributed Caching Protocols for Relieving Hot Spots on the World Wide Web.
CIL: Intermediate Language and Tools for Analysis and Transformation of C Programs.
Bisimulation through Probabilistic Testing
Three Partition Refinement Algorithms.
Web Usage Mining: Discovery and Applications of Usage Patterns from Web Data.
Distributional Clustering of English Words.
Real-time object-oriented modeling.
Feature Detection with Automatic Scale Selection.
Support vector machine active learning for image retrieval.
Capacity of Ad Hoc wireless networks.
Large Steps in Cloth Simulation.
Stable Fluids.
SplitStream: high-bandwidth multicast in cooperative environments.
Assessing Agreement on Classification Tasks: The Kappa Statistic.
Least Squares Support Vector Machine Classifiers.
Parametric shape analysis via 3-valued logic.
Energy-efficient computing for wildlife tracking: design tradeoffs and early experiences with ZebraNet.
Security Without Identification: Transaction Systems to Make Big Brother Obsolete.
A Statistical Approach to Machine Translation.
Self-Adjusting Binary Search Trees
A Sequential Algorithm for Training Text Classifiers.
XRANK: Ranked Keyword Search over XML Documents.
Dynamo: amazon's highly available key-value store.
Low-cost multi-touch sensing through frustrated total internal reflection.
RoadRunner: Towards Automatic Data Extraction from Large Web Sites.
Unsupervised Learning of Finite Mixture Models.
Local Grayvalue Invariants for Image Retrieval.
Performance analysis of the CONFIDANT protocol.
Implicit Fairing of Irregular Meshes Using Diffusion and Curvature Flow.
Formal languages.
Algorithm 97: Shortest path.
Solving Multiclass Learning Problems via Error-Correcting Output Codes
An Efficient Boosting Algorithm for Combining Preferences.
PAST: A large-scale, persistent peer-to-peer storage utility.
Constrained K-means Clustering with Background Knowledge.
Software transactional memory for dynamic-sized data structures.
Reexamining the Cluster Hypothesis: Scatter/Gather on Retrieval Results.
The Design of an Acquisitional Query Processor For Sensor Networks.
A Majority Consensus Approach to Concurrency Control for Multiple Copy Databases.
An Algorithm for Finding Best Matches in Logarithmic Expected Time.
Multilisp: A Language for Concurrent Symbolic Computation.
Temperature-Aware Microarchitecture.
Impact of interference on multi-hop wireless network performance.
Solving Multiclass Learning Problems via Error-Correcting Output Codes.
Motion graphs.
Accurately interpreting clickthrough data as implicit feedback.
Incomplete Information in Relational Databases.
Data Mining: An Overview from a Database Perspective.
Naive (Bayes) at Forty: The Independence Assumption in Information Retrieval.
Understanding packet delivery performance in dense wireless sensor networks.
Pivoted Document Length Normalization.
Yago: a core of semantic knowledge.
Ant Algorithms for Discrete Optimization.
The JPEG Still Picture Compression Standard.
Assessing agreement on classification tasks: the kappa statistic
Feature Selection Based on Mutual Information: Criteria of Max-Dependency, Max-Relevance, and Min-Redundancy.
Mobile ambients.
Multicast Routing in Datagram Internetworks and Extended LANs.
Anonymous Usage of Location-Based Services Through Spatial and Temporal Cloaking.
Principal Type-Schemes for Functional Programs.
Web Document Clustering: A Feasibility Demonstration.
CUTE: a concolic unit testing engine for C.
Storage Management and Caching in PAST, A Large-scale, Persistent Peer-to-peer Storage Utility.
SMOTE: Synthetic Minority Over-sampling Technique.
Analysis of a Very Large Web Search Engine Query Log.
The Part-Time Parliament.
Automatic Evaluation of Summaries Using N-gram Co-occurrence Statistics.
The K-D-B-Tree: A Search Structure For Large Multidimensional Dynamic Indexes.
Storing and querying ordered XML using a relational database system.
Electronic Markets and Electronic Hierarchies.
Proof Verification and the Hardness of Approximation Problems.
Application of the Karhunen-Loeve Procedure for the Characterization of Human Faces.
Distortion Invariant Object Recognition in the Dynamic Link Architecture.
Simplification by Cooperating Decision Procedures.
A Trainable Document Summarizer.
The Dangers of Replication and a Solution.
Discovery of Multiple-Level Association Rules from Large Databases.
The Vocabulary Problem in Human-System Communication.
Automatic Labeling of Semantic Roles.
Multifacet's general execution-driven multiprocessor simulator (GEMS) toolset.
The DaCapo benchmarks: java benchmarking development and analysis.
The Computational Complexity of Probabilistic Inference Using Bayesian Belief Networks.
Classifier Fitness Based on Accuracy.
Transition network grammars for natural language analysis.
Efficiency of a Good But Not Linear Set Union Algorithm.
End-To-End Arguments in System Design
Precise Interprocedural Dataflow Analysis via Graph Reachability.
Extensibility, Safety and Performance in the SPIN Operating System.
MPEG: A Video Compression Standard for Multimedia Applications.
Bro: a system for detecting network intruders in real-time.
Bricks: Laying the Foundations for Graspable User Interfaces.
Face Recognition: Features Versus Templates.
Algorithms for Scalable Synchronization on Shared-Memory Multiprocessors.
Determinants of Perceived Ease of Use: Integrating Control, Intrinsic Motivation, and Emotion into the Technology Acceptance Model.
A Concrete Security Treatment of Symmetric Encryption.
The SGI Origin: A ccNUMA Highly Scalable Server.
Symbolic Model Checking without BDDs.
Certification of Programs for Secure Information Flow.
A Practical Algorithm for Exact Array Dependence Analysis.
Web Modeling Language (WebML): a modeling language for designing Web sites.
Unit disk graphs.
Charting past, present, and future research in ubiquitous computing.
VPR: A new packing, placement and routing tool for FPGA research.
Telos: enabling ultra-low power wireless research.
Evaluation campaigns and TRECVid.
Language support for lightweight transactions.
Fast texture synthesis using tree-structured vector quantization.
Improved Algorithms for Topic Distillation in a Hyperlinked Environment.
On agent-based software engineering.
Illumination for Computer Generated Pictures.
Simple Fast Algorithms for the Editing Distance Between Trees and Related Problems.
Aurora: a new model and architecture for data stream management.
Algorithms for Mining Distance-Based Outliers in Large Datasets.
Mining the peanut gallery: opinion extraction and semantic classification of product reviews.
The Stanford Dash Multiprocessor.
Dryad: distributed data-parallel programs from sequential building blocks.
Security-Control Methods for Statistical Databases: A Comparative Study.
Enforceable security policies.
Pellet: A practical OWL-DL reasoner.
Decimation of triangle meshes.
Portholes: Supporting Awareness in a Distributed Work Group.
An Extensive Empirical Study of Feature Selection Metrics for Text Classification.
Choosing Multiple Parameters for Support Vector Machines.
A Behavioral Notion of Subtyping.
The Theory of Hybrid Automata.
Worst-case Equilibria.
Extending and implementing the stable model semantics.
An Improved Illumination Model for Shaded Display.
Fair end-to-end window-based congestion control.
Image Indexing Using Color Correlograms.
Three Generative, Lexicalised Models for Statistical Parsing.
Shallow Parsing with Conditional Random Fields.
Self: The Power of Simplicity.
Online Aggregation.
A New Polynomial-Time Algorithm for Linear Programming
Grid Services for Distributed System Integration.
A new approach to the maximum-flow problem.
Minimum Disclosure Proofs of Knowledge.
A study of smoothing methods for language models applied to information retrieval.
Automatic Predicate Abstraction of C Programs.
A Unified Approach to Global Program Optimization.
Real-Time Dynamic Voltage Scaling for Low-Power Embedded Operating Systems.
The UNIX Time-Sharing System.
SPINS: Security Protocols for Sensor Networks.
A Design Principle for Hash Functions.
JFlow: Practical Mostly-Static Information Flow Control.
Alternating-time temporal logic.
The PARSEC benchmark suite: characterization and architectural implications.
Mean Shift, Mode Seeking, and Clustering.
Overview of the Face Recognition Grand Challenge.
Live Migration of Virtual Machines.
NuSMV 2: An OpenSource Tool for Symbolic Model Checking.
Searching in metric spaces.
Modeling the Shape of the Scene: A Holistic Representation of the Spatial Envelope.
A Framework for Defining Logics.
The Magma Algebra System I: The User Language.
A Validation of Object-Oriented Design Metrics as Quality Indicators.
The formal semantics of programming languages - an introduction.
Patterns in Property Specifications for Finite-State Verification.
Centering: A Framework for Modeling the Local Coherence of Discourse.
The Paradyn Parallel Performance Measurement Tool.
An Introduction to Disk Drive Modeling.
Concurrency Control in Distributed Database Systems.
Measures of Diversity in Classifier Ensembles and Their Relationship with the Ensemble Accuracy.
Blobworld: Image Segmentation Using Expectation-Maximization and Its Application to Image Querying.
Measurement and analysis of online social networks.
Word Problems Requiring Exponential Time: Preliminary Report
A new polynomial-time algorithm for linear programming.
A survey of advances in vision-based human motion capture and analysis.
A Multiphase Level Set Framework for Image Segmentation Using the Mumford and Shah Model.
User Acceptance of Information Technology: Toward a Unified View.
Very Simple Classification Rules Perform Well on Most Commonly Used Datasets.
Voltage scheduling problem for dynamically variable voltage processors.
Sesame: A Generic Architecture for Storing and Querying RDF and RDF Schema.
Enhanced Hypertext Categorization Using Hyperlinks.
Logic Programs with Stable Model Semantics as a Constraint Programming Paradigm.
Mining high-speed data streams.
On the Synthesis of a Reactive Module.
Reconstruction and representation of 3D objects with radial basis functions.
Hauptvortrag: Quantifier elimination for real closed fields by cylindrical algebraic decomposition.
Algorithmic Mechanism Design (Extended Abstract).
RAID: High-Performance, Reliable Secondary Storage
Distance transformations in digital images.
Consensus in the presence of partial synchrony.
Unsupervised Segmentation of Color-Texture Regions in Images and Video.
A Sentimental Education: Sentiment Analysis Using Subjectivity Summarization Based on Minimum Cuts.
Ontology mapping: the state of the art.
Mining time-changing data streams.
Receiver-Driven Layered Multicast.
The SR-tree: An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Nearest Neighbor Queries.
Chameleon: Hierarchical Clustering Using Dynamic Modeling.
Example-Based Learning for View-Based Human Face Detection.
Static Scheduling of Synchronous Data Flow Programs for Digital Signal Processing.
Photo tourism: exploring photo collections in 3D.
Content-based multimedia information retrieval: State of the art and challenges.
Ensemble Methods in Machine Learning.
Efficient Software-Based Fault Isolation.
Description logic programs: combining logic programs with description logic.
Mining Frequent Patterns without Candidate Generation: A Frequent-Pattern Tree Approach.
Improving Generalization with Active Learning.
Distance Browsing in Spatial Databases.
Bayesian Interpolation.
A Bayesian Hierarchical Model for Learning Natural Scene Categories.
Multiple Objective Optimization with Vector Evaluated Genetic Algorithms.
Three Generative, Lexicalised Models for Statistical Parsing
A pairwise key pre-distribution scheme for wireless sensor networks.
Efficient dispersal of information for security, load balancing, and fault tolerance.
The STATEMATE Semantics of Statecharts.
Consistent Query Answers in Inconsistent Databases.
Vivaldi: a decentralized network coordinate system.
Groupware and Social Dynamics: Eight Challenges for Developers.
Toward Memory-Based Reasoning.
Approximating the Nondominated Front Using the Pareto Archived Evolution Strategy.
Niagara: A 32-Way Multithreaded Sparc Processor.
Learning in the Presence of Concept Drift and Hidden Contexts.
Reverse Engineering and Design Recovery: A Taxonomy.
Brook for GPUs: stream computing on graphics hardware.
Estimating Attributes: Analysis and Extensions of RELIEF.
Image inpainting.
A Sentimental Education: Sentiment Analysis Using Subjectivity Summarization Based on Minimum Cuts
The Space Complexity of Approximating the Frequency Moments.
Task-Technology Fit and Individual Performance.
A Public Key Cryptosystem and a Signature Scheme Based on Discrete Logarithms.
: extracting relations from large plain-text collections.
Linear Pattern Matching Algorithms
Mining the network value of customers.
Design and Evaluation of a Compiler Algorithm for Prefetching.
Searching Distributed Collections with Inference Networks.
The Cosmic Cube.
Object tracking: A survey.
Database Mining: A Performance Perspective.
The Berkeley FrameNet Project.
The Stanford FLASH Multiprocessor.
Efficient Mining of Emerging Patterns: Discovering Trends and Differences.
Exokernel: An Operating System Architecture for Application-Level Resource Management.
Recursive Functions of Symbolic Expressions and Their Computation by Machine, Part I.
Developing a context-aware electronic tourist guide: some issues and experiences.
Frequent Subgraph Discovery.
Ariadne: a secure on-demand routing protocol for ad hoc networks.
Efficient Context-Sensitive Pointer Analysis for C Programs.
Managing Update Conflicts in Bayou, a Weakly Connected Replicated Storage System.
How to Own the Internet in Your Spare Time.
Natural Gradient Works Efficiently in Learning.
PROMPT: Algorithm and Tool for Automated Ontology Merging and Alignment.
BOINC: A System for Public-Resource Computing and Storage.
Mixin-based Inheritance.
X10: an object-oriented approach to non-uniform cluster computing.
An Integrated Experimental Environment for Distributed Systems and Networks.
Improving web search ranking by incorporating user behavior information.
FastMap: A Fast Algorithm for Indexing, Data-Mining and Visualization of Traditional and Multimedia Datasets.
Tree maps: A Space-Filling Approach to the Visualization of Hierarchical Information Structures.
The Quadtree and Related Hierarchical Data Structures.
The Google Similarity Distance.
An Efficient Cryptographic Protocol Verifier Based on Prolog Rules.
Bayesian Classification (AutoClass): Theory and Results.
CMAR: Accurate and Efficient Classification Based on Multiple Class-Association Rules.
From Recombination of Genes to the Estimation of Distributions I. Binary Parameters.
Mesh optimization.
Implementation Techniques for Main Memory Database Systems.
Probabilistic Checking of Proofs: A New Characterization of NP.
A Sound Type System for Secure Flow Analysis.
Feature Selection: Evaluation, Application, and Small Sample Performance.
Fully homomorphic encryption using ideal lattices.
Efficient Implementation of a BDD Package.
Recognizing Contextual Polarity in Phrase-Level Sentiment Analysis.
Automatic Resource Compilation by Analyzing Hyperlink Structure and Associated Text.
Faceted metadata for image search and browsing.
On-Line and Off-Line Handwriting Recognition: A Comprehensive Survey.
A generalized processor sharing approach to flow control in integrated services networks: the multiple node case.
Noise Strategies for Improving Local Search.
What is Twitter, a social network or a news media?
Link-level measurements from an 802.11b mesh network.
The Robust Estimation of Multiple Motions: Parametric and Piecewise-Smooth Flow Fields.
Introduction to the Cell multiprocessor.
The serializability of concurrent database updates.
Soft Margins for AdaBoost.
Selecting Software Test Data Using Data Flow Information.
Multicluster, mobile, multimedia radio network.
Contour Tracking by Stochastic Propagation of Conditional Density.
Maximum Entropy Markov Models for Information Extraction and Segmentation.
Volume rendering.
A Sub-Constant Error-Probability Low-Degree Test, and a Sub-Constant Error-Probability PCP Characterization of NP.
Stochastic Inversion Transduction Grammars and Bilingual Parsing of Parallel Corpora.
Graph Embedding and Extensions: A General Framework for Dimensionality Reduction.
Unsupervised texture segmentation using Gabor filters.
Reality mining: sensing complex social systems.
Performance Analysis of k-Ary n-Cube Interconnection Networks.
ARIES: A Transaction Recovery Method Supporting Fine-Granularity Locking and Partial Rollbacks Using Write-Ahead Logging.
Graphcut textures: image and video synthesis using graph cuts.
A Practical Approach to Feature Selection.
Concepts and Experiments in Computational Reflection.
Modeling and performance analysis of BitTorrent-like peer-to-peer networks.
QuickTime VR: an image-based approach to virtual environment navigation.
Eddies: Continuously Adaptive Query Processing
Attribute-based encryption for fine-grained access control of encrypted data.
Biclustering Algorithms for Biological Data Analysis: A Survey.
Predicting the Semantic Orientation of Adjectives.
Efficient Algorithms for Pairing-Based Cryptosystems.
Making gnutella-like P2P systems scalable.
Solving the Multiple Instance Problem with Axis-Parallel Rectangles.
The Complexity of Propositional Linear Temporal Logics
The Computational Structure of Monotone Monadic SNP and Constraint Satisfaction: A Study through Datalog and Group Theory.
Precomputed radiance transfer for real-time rendering in dynamic, low-frequency lighting environments.
Summary cache: a scalable wide-area web cache sharing protocol.
Reachability Analysis of Pushdown Automata: Application to Model-Checking.
Developing and Validating Trust Measures for e-Commerce: An Integrative Typology.
TnT -- A Statistical Part-of-Speech Tagger.
Information-theoretic co-clustering.
Integrated coverage and connectivity configuration in wireless sensor networks.
Query Expansion Using Lexical-Semantic Relations.
Reconciling Schemas of Disparate Data Sources: A Machine-Learning Approach.
How to Make a Multiprocessor Computer That Correctly Executes Multiprocess Programs.
Tree Visualization with Tree-Maps: 2-d Space-Filling Approach.
A Filtering Algorithm for Constraints of Difference in CSPs.
Cryptography - theory and practice.
Information Integration Using Logical Views.
Fast Similarity Search in the Presence of Noise, Scaling, and Translation in Time-Series Databases.
Guest Editor's Introduction: Model-Driven Engineering.
Future paths for integer programming and links to artificial intelligence.
TnT - A Statistical Part-of-Speech Tagger
Semantic Database Modeling: Survey, Applications, and Research Issues.
Authentication and Authenticated Key Exchanges.
The TSIMMIS Approach to Mediation: Data Models and Languages.
Text Classification using String Kernels.
Learning Information Extraction Rules for Semi-Structured and Free Text.
Planning as Satisfiability.
Similarity Flooding: A Versatile Graph Matching Algorithm and Its Application to Schema Matching.
X-means: Extending K-means with Efficient Estimation of the Number of Clusters.
The Implementation of the Cilk-5 Multithreaded Language.
Timing-sync protocol for sensor networks.
Architectural Considerations for a New Generation of Protocols.
Pig latin: a not-so-foreign language for data processing.
Automatically Validating Temporal Safety Properties of Interfaces.
E-Commerce Recommendation Applications.
Techniques for Data Hiding.
Decision Combination in Multiple Classifier Systems.
Universal coalgebra: a theory of systems.
Interaction and outeraction: instant messaging in action.
One-Way Functions are Necessary and Sufficient for Secure Signatures
Semantical Considerations on Nonmonotonic Logic.
On Visual Formalisms.
A survey of rollback-recovery protocols in message-passing systems.
Semiring-based constraint satisfaction and optimization.
A Graduated Assignment Algorithm for Graph Matching.
Multiple-Query Optimization.
Graph Visualization and Navigation in Information Visualization: A Survey.
A Hierarchical Phrase-Based Model for Statistical Machine Translation.
A Probabilistic Analysis of the Rocchio Algorithm with TFIDF for Text Categorization.
Hierarchically Classifying Documents Using Very Few Words.
A Simple Rule-Based Part of Speech Tagger.
Mobile values, new names, and secure communication.
Practical network support for IP traceback.
Topology matching for fully automatic similarity estimation of 3D shapes.
Beyond the Chalkboard: Computer Support for Collaboration and Problem Solving in Meetings.
Characterizing Browsing Strategies in the World-Wide Web.
Sequential Operations in Digital Picture Processing.
Model-based Feedback in the Language Modeling Approach to Information Retrieval.
GTM: The Generative Topographic Mapping.
Inducing Features of Random Fields.
Workflow Mining: Discovering Process Models from Event Logs.
Poisson image editing.
A tutorial on support vector regression.
Orion: a power-performance simulator for interconnection networks.
Image analogies.
Shared Memory Consistency Models: A Tutorial.
Searching in high-dimensional spaces: Index structures for improving the performance of multimedia databases.
A Survey of Computer Vision-Based Human Motion Capture.
An Algorithm for Drawing General Undirected Graphs.
On Communicating Finite-State Machines
Theoretical Improvements in Algorithmic Efficiency for Network Flow Problems.
Information Technology Adoption Across Time: A Cross-Sectional Comparison of Pre-Adoption and Post-Adoption Beliefs.
Generalized Discriminant Analysis Using a Kernel Approach.
A Fast File System for UNIX
The Quickhull Algorithm for Convex Hulls.
Gossip-Based Computation of Aggregate Information.
Complexity of Answering Queries Using Materialized Views.
Congestion control for high bandwidth-delay product networks.
An agent-based approach for building complex software systems.
Institutions: Abstract Model Theory for Specification and Programming.
Supporting Trust in Virtual Communities.
Valgrind: a framework for heavyweight dynamic binary instrumentation.
Automating the Design of Graphical Presentations of Relational Information.
Featherweight Java: a minimal core calculus for Java and GJ.
Parameter Selection in Particle Swarm Optimization.
Combinatorial algorithms for integrated circuit layout.
Object Exchange Across Heterogeneous Information Sources.
Routing in a delay tolerant network.
Concurrency Control in Groupware Systems.
Propagation of trust and distrust.
Collaborative Plans for Complex Group Action.
Abstraction Mechanisms in CLU.
A Distributed Algorithm for Minimum-Weight Spanning Trees.
Modeling the Effect of Technology Trends on the Soft Error Rate of Combinational Logic.
Software reliability - measurement, prediction, application.
Context-Sensitive Interprocedural Points-to Analysis in the Presence of Function Pointers.
Learning to map between ontologies on the semantic web.
Reflections on NoteCards: Seven Issues for the Next Generation of Hypermedia Systems.
Scientific workflow management and the Kepler system.
StreamIt: A Language for Streaming Applications.
Graph Minors .XIII. The Disjoint Paths Problem.
Using Spin Images for Efficient Object Recognition in Cluttered 3D Scenes.
BerkMin: A Fast and Robust Sat-Solver.
HT06, tagging paper, taxonomy, Flickr, academic article, to read.
Inductive logic programming - techniques and applications.
A rate-adaptive MAC protocol for multi-Hop wireless networks.
Model Checking for Programming Languages using Verisoft.
Efficient Algorithms for Mining Outliers from Large Data Sets.
RACER System Description.
Introduction to the ISO Specification Language LOTOS.
TextTiling: Segmenting Text into Multi-paragraph Subtopic Passages.
Recommending and Evaluating Choices in a Virtual Community of Use.
Manifold Regularization: A Geometric Framework for Learning from Labeled and Unlabeled Examples.
Face Recognition Based on Fitting a 3D Morphable Model.
Filtering for Texture Classification: A Comparative Study.
Three-dimensional alpha shapes.
Dynamically Discovering Likely Program Invariants to Support Program Evolution.
Co-clustering documents and words using bipartite spectral graph partitioning.
BRITE: An Approach to Universal Topology Generation.
Layered Depth Images.
Improved Histograms for Selectivity Estimation of Range Predicates.
The myth of the paperless office.
A Case for NOW (Networks Of Workstations).
Explanation-Based Generalization: A Unifying View.
Automatic Analysis of Facial Expressions: The State of the Art.
The Cougar Approach to In-Network Query Processing in Sensor Networks.
Duplicate Record Detection: A Survey.
STATEMATE: A Working Environment for the Development of Complex Reactive Systems.
LT Codes.
Algorithms for Quantum Computation: Discrete Logarithms and Factoring
Isabelle/HOL - A Proof Assistant for Higher-Order Logic
The Proposition Bank: An Annotated Corpus of Semantic Roles.
Robust Classification for Imprecise Environments
Approximation Algorithms for NP-Complete Problems on Planar Graphs.
Automatic Linguistic Indexing of Pictures by a Statistical Modeling Approach.
A Certified Digital Signature.
Improved Statistical Alignment Models.
The Decision Diffie-Hellman Problem.
Hierarchical classification of Web content.
The Resurrecting Duckling: Security Issues for Ad-hoc Wireless Networks.
Applications of Circumscription to Formalizing Common-Sense Knowledge.
Multivalued Dependencies and a New Normal Form for Relational Databases.
First-order incremental block-based statistical timing analysis.
Replication is NOT Needed: SINGLE Database, Computationally-Private Information Retrieval.
Training linear SVMs in linear time.
On the Design and Quantification of Privacy Preserving Data Mining Algorithms.
The flooding time synchronization protocol.
Recommender systems in e-commerce.
A Query Language and Optimization Techniques for Unstructured Data.
Efficient Filtering of XML Documents for Selective Dissemination of Information.
Distributed Discrete-Event Simulation.
Virtual Network Computing.
On Clustering Validation Techniques.
Authenticated Key Exchange Secure against Dictionary Attacks.
A logic design structure for LSI testability.
Exploiting Choice: Instruction Fetch and Issue on an Implementable Simultaneous Multithreading Processor.
MetaCost: A General Method for Making Classifiers Cost-Sensitive.
SATO: An Efficient Propositional Prover.
Reasoning About Infinite Computations
Region-based Memory Management.
Email Overload: Exploring Personal Information Management of Email.
An Algorithm for Subgraph Isomorphism.
On the Algorithmic Implementation of Multiclass Kernel-based Vector Machines.
Robust Classification for Imprecise Environments.
Automatic Partitioning of Full-Motion Video.
The Visual Hull Concept for Silhouette-Based Image Understanding.
A public key cryptosystem and a signature scheme based on discrete logarithms.
Programming from specifications, 2nd Edition.
Cache decay: exploiting generational behavior to reduce cache leakage power.
Taverna: a tool for the composition and enactment of bioinformatics workflows.
Randomized rounding: a technique for provably good algorithms and algorithmic proofs.
Why Don't Men Ever Stop to Ask for Directions? Gender, Social Influence, and Their Role in Technology Acceptance and Usage Behavior.
Probabilistic neural networks.
On-Line Fingerprint Verification.
Hierarchical Model-Based Motion Estimation.
Comprehensive Database for Facial Expression Analysis.
Perceived Usefulness, Ease of Use, and Usage of Information Technology: A Replication.
Drowsy Caches: Simple Techniques for Reducing Leakage Power.
Effective compiler support for predicated execution using the hyperblock.
Incognito: Efficient Full-Domain K-Anonymity.
A Note on the Confinement Problem.
Automatic personalization based on Web usage mining.
VIS: A System for Verification and Synthesis.
Boosting a Weak Learning Algorithm by Majority
The Weakest Failure Detector for Solving Consensus.
Self-Testing/Correcting with Applications to Numerical Problems.
Perfectly-Secure Key Distribution for Dynamic Conferences.
The superblock: An effective technique for VLIW and superscalar compilation.
Recognizing Human Actions: A Local SVM Approach.
A Distance Routing Effect Algorithm for Mobility (DREAM).
GHT: a geographic hash table for data-centric storage.
Workflow mining: A survey of issues and approaches.
Interactive control of avatars animated with human motion data.
Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms for Fortran Usage.
From system F to typed assembly language.
Non-Malleable Non-Interactive Zero Knowledge and Adaptive Chosen-Ciphertext Security.
Dynamic variable ordering for ordered binary decision diagrams.
Pyramid-based texture analysis/synthesis.
The LRU-K Page Replacement Algorithm For Database Disk Buffering.
QEMU, a Fast and Portable Dynamic Translator.
Ontology Learning for the Semantic Web.
A General Approximation Technique for Constrained Forest Problems.
Data exchange: semantics and query answering.
Well-structured transition systems everywhere!
Query by Committee.
Self-similarity through high-variability: statistical analysis of Ethernet LAN traffic at the source level.
Multilevel Hypergraph Partitioning: Application in VLSI Domain.
An Algorithm for Total Variation Minimization and Applications.
Modeling and Querying Moving Objects.
The Tera computer system.
The dynamic behavior of a data dissemination protocol for network programming at scale.
Maintaining Views Incrementally.
The Dexter Hypertext Reference Model.
Probabilistic Counting Algorithms for Data Base Applications.
Toward Integrating Feature Selection Algorithms for Classification and Clustering.
Statistical Timing Analysis Considering Spatial Correlations using a Single Pert-Like Traversal.
Keyword Searching and Browsing in Databases using BANKS.
View interpolation for image synthesis.
View-dependent refinement of progressive meshes.
On the Computation of Multidimensional Aggregates.
The Role of Emotion in Believable Agents.
A Tutorial on Spectral Clustering
Human Motion Analysis: A Review.
LEAP: efficient security mechanisms for large-scale distributed sensor networks.
Technology probes: inspiring design for and with families.
YAWL: yet another workflow language.
Mean-Value Analysis of Closed Multichain Queuing Networks.
New Support Vector Algorithms.
Invariant Image Recognition by Zernike Moments.
Dynamic tuning of the IEEE 802.11 protocol to achieve a theoretical throughput limit.
A New Theory of Deadlock-Free Adaptive Routing in Wormhole Networks.
Adaptive Load Sharing in Homogeneous Distributed Systems.
Optimization of Object-Oriented Programs Using Static Class Hierarchy Analysis.
Agglomerative clustering of a search engine query log.
LEAP - efficient security mechanisms for large-scale distributed sensor networks.
Agile Application-Aware Adaptation for Mobility.
Understanding user goals in web search.
Grouper: A Dynamic Clustering Interface to Web Search Results.
Resistance against Differential Power Analysis for Elliptic Curve Cryptosystems.
A Focus+Context Technique Based on Hyperbolic Geometry for Visualizing Large Hierarchies.
Mapping the Gnutella Network.
Efficient Region Tracking With Parametric Models of Geometry and Illumination.
The CMU Pose, Illumination, and Expression Database.
Lore: A Database Management System for Semistructured Data.
Termination of term rewriting using dependency pairs.
Optical burst switching (OBS) - a new paradigm for an Optical Internet^{1}.
Routing Indices For Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Data Privacy through Optimal k-Anonymization.
Software Processes Are Software Too.
A message ferrying approach for data delivery in sparse mobile ad hoc networks.
Goal-Oriented Requirements Engineering: A Guided Tour.
gprof: a Call Graph Execution Profiler.
Universally composable two-party and multi-party secure computation.
Media Spaces: Bringing People Together in a Video, Audio, and Computing Environment.
Distributed computing in practice: the Condor experience.
A Set of Principles for Conducting and Evaluating Interpretive Field Studies in Information Systems.
The Chemical Abstract Machine.
Automated Learning of Decision Rules for Text Categorization.
Latent semantic models for collaborative filtering.
LIBLINEAR: A Library for Large Linear Classification.
The Case against Accuracy Estimation for Comparing Induction Algorithms.
SEDA: An Architecture for Well-Conditioned, Scalable Internet Services.
Automatic Word Sense Discrimination.
Hierarchical Phrase-Based Translation.
PVM: A Framework for Parallel Distributed Computing.
A survey of peer-to-peer content distribution technologies.
Saliency, Scale and Image Description.
KQML As An Agent Communication Language.
Learning Decision Lists.
A scaled conjugate gradient algorithm for fast supervised learning.
The use of the area under the ROC curve in the evaluation of machine learning algorithms.
Optimum Broadcasting and Personalized Communication in Hypercubes.
Improving Data Locality with Loop Transformations.
Routing with Guaranteed Delivery in Ad Hoc Wireless Networks.
A tutorial on spectral clustering.
Keying Hash Functions for Message Authentication.
Generation Scavenging: A Non-Disruptive High Performance Storage Reclamation Algorithm.
Design of a Role-Based Trust-Management Framework.
Efficient Crawling Through URL Ordering.
On the Desirability of Acyclic Database Schemes
An Efficient k-Means Clustering Algorithm: Analysis and Implementation.
Learning to Detect Natural Image Boundaries Using Local Brightness, Color, and Texture Cues.
Parallel Mining of Association Rules.
Automatic Translation of Fortran Programs to Vector Form.
Bus-invert coding for low-power I/O.
Robust Face Recognition via Sparse Representation.
Cartesian Genetic Programming.
Inferring Web Communities from Link Topology.
The perspective wall: detail and context smoothly integrated.
Mining concept-drifting data streams using ensemble classifiers.
Surfels: surface elements as rendering primitives.
Modeling annotated data.
Predicting query performance.
Fast Algorithms for Projected Clustering.
Efficiently Updating Materialized Views.
List Processing in Real Time on a Serial Computer.
Lexical Cohesion Computed by Thesaural Relations as an Indicator of the Structure of Text.
Local Features and Kernels for Classification of Texture and Object Categories: A Comprehensive Study.
A Data Structure for Dynamic Trees.
Reliable Communication in the Presence of Failures.
Hierarchical ID-Based Cryptography.
Iterative modulo scheduling: an algorithm for software pipelining loops.
TCP Vegas: New Techniques for Congestion Detection and Avoidance.
An Amateur's Introduction to Recursive Query Processing Strategies.
Measurement, modeling, and analysis of a peer-to-peer file-sharing workload.
The complexity of pure Nash equilibria.
Probabilistic Logic.
Information Filtering and Information Retrieval: Two Sides of the Same Coin?
A massively parallel architecture for a self-organizing neural pattern recognition machine.
The Context Toolkit: Aiding the Development of Context-Enabled Applications.
Support Vector Machine Active Learning with Applications to Text Classification.
Large Margin Methods for Structured and Interdependent Output Variables.
Issues and Opinion on Structural Equation Modeling.
The Gamma Database Machine Project.
Fine-Grained Mobility in the Emerald System.
Explaining collaborative filtering recommendations.
Garp: a MIPS processor with a reconfigurable coprocessor.
A transmission control scheme for media access in sensor networks.
Specifying gestures by example.
Program Development by Stepwise Refinement.
The Calculus of Constructions
An algebraic approach to network coding.
Maintenance of Discovered Association Rules in Large Databases: An Incremental Updating Technique.
Graphs over time: densification laws, shrinking diameters and possible explanations.
Dependence Graphs and Compiler Optimizations.
Is it an Agent, or Just a Program?: A Taxonomy for Autonomous Agents.
Simulating the power consumption of large-scale sensor network applications.
SKETCH: An Interface for Sketching 3D Scenes.
Model-Driven Data Acquisition in Sensor Networks.
XMark: A Benchmark for XML Data Management.
Advanced Compiler Optimizations for Supercomputers.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Overview of Sensor Networks.
Software Reuse.
Technology as experience.
The Raw Microprocessor: A Computational Fabric for Software Circuits and General-Purpose Programs.
Selective Sampling Using the Query by Committee Algorithm.
Data on Air: Organization and Access.
A comparison of mechanisms for improving TCP performance over wireless links.
Two case studies of open source software development: Apache and Mozilla.
Theorems for Free!
Dynamic Thermal Management for High-Performance Microprocessors.
Heuristic evaluation of user interfaces.
The Reflexive CHAM and the Join-Calculus.
Abstractions from proofs.
Pad++: A Zooming Graphical Interface for Exploring Alternate Interface Physics.
Flickr tag recommendation based on collective knowledge.
Ensembling neural networks: Many could be better than all.
Metaheuristics in combinatorial optimization: Overview and conceptual comparison.
Knowledge Engineering: Principles and Methods.
Hardware-Software Cosynthesis for Microcontrollers.
On the approximate realization of continuous mappings by neural networks.
Shape distributions.
Random Sampling with a Reservoir.
Uniform Crossover in Genetic Algorithms.
Attribute-Based Encryption for Fine-Grained Access Control of Encrypted Data.
Efficient identification of Web communities.
BI as an Assertion Language for Mutable Data Structures.
Fluid-based analysis of a network of AQM routers supporting TCP flows with an application to RED.
Measuring and modeling anisotropic reflection.
Ciphertext-Policy Attribute-Based Encryption.
SPRINT: A Scalable Parallel Classifier for Data Mining
Extracting Patterns and Relations from the World Wide Web.
Network-Based Heuristics for Constraint-Satisfaction Problems.
Skip Lists: A Probabilistic Alternative to Balanced Trees.
Hardness vs Randomness.
Visual Interpretation of Hand Gestures for Human-Computer Interaction: A Review.
Alloy: a lightweight object modelling notation.
Differential Fault Analysis of Secret Key Cryptosystems.
Specifying Distributed Software Architectures.
A Resource Management Architecture for Metacomputing Systems.
Hierarchical Correctness Proofs for Distributed Algorithms.
Footprint evaluation for volume rendering.
Stuff I've seen: a system for personal information retrieval and re-use.
Process Modeling.
External memory algorithms and data structures.
SmartSkin: an infrastructure for freehand manipulation on interactive surfaces.
Evaluation of Interest Point Detectors.
Managing Trust in a Peer-2-Peer Information System.
In Defense of One-Vs-All Classification.
Approximation Algorithms for Scheduling Unrelated Parallel Machines.
Quantum Complexity Theory.
On the Declarative Semantics of Deductive Databases and Logic Programs.
Similarity Indexing with the SS-tree.
Experiments of the Effectiveness of Dataflow- and Controlflow-Based Test Adequacy Criteria.
The Essence of Functional Programming.
Semantics and Implementation of Schema Evolution in Object-Oriented Databases.
The Cube-Connected Cycles: A Versatile Network for Parallel Computation.
Fast Text Searching Allowing Errors.
A survey of thresholding techniques.
Symbolic Model Checking Using SAT Procedures instead of BDDs.
Imaging vector fields using line integral convolution.
Model Checking Programs.
RMM: A Methodology for Structured Hypermedia Design.
Complexity and expressive power of logic programming.
Inverted files for text search engines.
Agents and the Semantic Web.
Eigentaste: A Constant Time Collaborative Filtering Algorithm.
A Comparison of Eleven Static Heuristics for Mapping a Class of Independent Tasks onto Heterogeneous Distributed Computing Systems.
Report on the Programming Language Haskell, A Non-strict, Purely Functional Language.
Least squares conformal maps for automatic texture atlas generation.
An Affine Invariant Interest Point Detector.
Algebra of programming.
Joint channel assignment and routing for throughput optimization in multi-radio wireless mesh networks.
ESP: Path-Sensitive Program Verification in Polynomial Time.
Analyses of Multiple Evidence Combination.
Continuously adaptive continuous queries over streams.
Generating query substitutions.
Cooperative Coevolution: An Architecture for Evolving Coadapted Subcomponents.
Pictorial Structures for Object Recognition.
Photobook: Content-based manipulation of image databases.
Approximation Schemes for Covering and Packing Problems in Image Processing and VLSI
A Resource-Based Perspective on Information Technology Capability and Firm Performance: An Empirical Investigation.
Direct Least Square Fitting of Ellipses.
A foundation for representing and querying moving objects.
Link-sharing and resource management models for packet networks.
Power analysis of embedded software: a first step towards software power minimization.
Sorting Networks and Their Applications.
Recognizing Action at a Distance.
Mondrian Multidimensional K-Anonymity.
A Meta-Model for the Analysis and Design of Organizations in Multi-Agent Systems.
Correlation-based Feature Selection for Discrete and Numeric Class Machine Learning.
Computational Lambda-Calculus and Monads
Geographic routing without location information.
Concept Based Query Expansion.
Implementation and Performance of Munin.
Approximation Algorithms for Facility Location Problems (Extended Abstract).
Simulation, verification and automated composition of web services.
On-the-Fly Garbage Collection: An Exercise in Cooperation.
Recent Advances in Augmented Reality.
Software Unit Test Coverage and Adequacy.
Augmented Surfaces: A Spatially Continuous Work Space for Hybrid Computing Environments.
Finding Interesting Rules from Large Sets of Discovered Association Rules.
Abstract Interpretation and Application to Logic Programs.
Characterization of Signals from Multiscale Edges.
On the analysis of the (1+1) evolutionary algorithm.
Towards a standard upper ontology.
A discipline for software engineering.
Markov random field modeling in computer vision.
Wavelets for computer graphics - theory and applications.
Towards Modeling and Reasoning Support for Early-Phase Requirements Engineering.
OHSUMED: An Interactive Retrieval Evaluation and New Large Test Collection for Research.
Provably secure session key distribution: the three party case.
Semantic Data Caching and Replacement.
Finite-State Transducers in Language and Speech Processing.
Non-negative matrix factorization with sparseness constraints
Static scheduling algorithms for allocating directed task graphs to multiprocessors.
Simplifying Decision Trees.
Fuzzy ART: Fast stable learning and categorization of analog patterns by an adaptive resonance system.
A Group-Theoretic Model for Symmetric Interconnection Networks.
Flexible support for multiple access control policies.
Secure group communications using key graphs.
Preliminary Guidelines for Empirical Research in Software Engineering.
Generating Accurate Rule Sets Without Global Optimization.
Selecting the right interestingness measure for association patterns.
The Cascade-Correlation Learning Architecture.
Towards a theory of type structure.
Rotation Invariant Spherical Harmonic Representation of 3D Shape Descriptors.
A Catalog of Complexity Classes.
Attributive Concept Descriptions with Complements.
Solution of a problem in concurrent programming control.
Software Agents.
A Query Language for XML.
i-LAND: An Interactive Landscape for Creativity and Innovation.
Why we tag: motivations for annotation in mobile and online media.
Debugging Parallel Programs with Instant Replay.
Recommendation as Classification: Using Social and Content-Based Information in Recommendation.
SimRank: a measure of structural-context similarity.
The Filter Cache: An Energy Efficient Memory Structure.
Analysis, Modeling and Generation of Self-Similar VBR Video Traffic.
A Robust Technique for Matching two Uncalibrated Images Through the Recovery of the Unknown Epipolar Geometry.
Referral Web: Combining Social Networks and Collaborative Filtering.
New Methods in Automatic Extracting.
Parallel Prefix Computation.
Multicommodity max-flow min-cut theorems and their use in designing approximation algorithms.
On the Hardness of Approximating Minimization Problems.
Approximation Algorithms for Combinatorial Problems.
Unsupervised Optimal Fuzzy Clustering.
A Class of Generalized Stochastic Petri Nets for the Performance Evaluation of Multiprocessor Systems
Abstractions for Software Architecture and Tools to Support Them.
Least-Squares Fitting of Two 3-D Point Sets.
Smodels - An Implementation of the Stable Model and Well-Founded Semantics for Normal LP.
TinySec: a link layer security architecture for wireless sensor networks.
Image-based visual hulls.
Re-tiling polygonal surfaces.
Filtering Algorithms and Implementation for Very Fast Publish/Subscribe.
Partial Constraint Satisfaction.
A Machine Learning Approach to Coreference Resolution of Noun Phrases.
Techniques for Automatically Correcting Words in Text.
Digital topology: Introduction and survey.
Polynomial Time Approximation Schemes for Euclidean Traveling Salesman and other Geometric Problems.
Applying Parallel Computation Algorithms in the Design of Serial Algorithms
Making Data Structures Persistent.
Zero-Knowledge Proofs of Identity.
The Aware Home: A Living Laboratory for Ubiquitous Computing Research.
Issues in data stream management.
Reflectance and Texture of Real-World Surfaces.
A Generic Architecture for On-Chip Packet-Switched Interconnections.
Supercompilers for parallel and vector computers.
Clock rate versus IPC: the end of the road for conventional microarchitectures.
Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance.
DBpedia: A Nucleus for a Web of Open Data.
Acquiring the reflectance field of a human face.
Zippered polygon meshes from range images.
Personalizing search via automated analysis of interests and activities.
Informed Prefetching and Caching.
Novel Approaches in Query Processing for Moving Object Trajectories.
Efficient Progressive Skyline Computation.
SETI@home: an experiment in public-resource computing.
LSCs: Breathing Life into Message Sequence Charts.
Model-Checking in Dense Real-time
Efficient Planarity Testing.
Coda: A Highly Available File System for a Distributed Workstation Environment.
Learning Dictionaries for Information Extraction by Multi-Level Bootstrapping.
The Impact of Data Aggregation in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Computing Semantic Relatedness Using Wikipedia-based Explicit Semantic Analysis.
A coverage-preserving node scheduling scheme for large wireless sensor networks.
Supporting Real-Time Applications in an Integrated Services Packet Network: Architecture and Mechanism.
Document clustering based on non-negative matrix factorization.
The Merge/Purge Problem for Large Databases.
Measurements of a Distributed File System.
Terra: a virtual machine-based platform for trusted computing.
Pick-and-Drop: A Direct Manipulation Technique for Multiple Computer Environments.
Mobile Wireless Computing: Challenges in Data Management.
Agents That Buy and Sell.
Evaluating WordNet-based Measures of Lexical Semantic Relatedness.
Knowledge and Common Knowledge in a Distributed Environment
Fast Approximation Algorithms for the Knapsack and Sum of Subset Problems.
Fingerprint Image Enhancement: Algorithm and Performance Evaluation.
On Image Analysis by the Methods of Moments.
Database Techniques for the World-Wide Web: A Survey.
A survey of design techniques for system-level dynamic power management.
Re-place-ing Space: The Roles of Place and Space in Collaborative Systems.
A Partial Least Squares Latent Variable Modeling Approach for Measuring Interaction Effects: Results from a Monte Carlo Simulation Study and an Electronic - Mail Emotion/Adoption Study.
Learning surface text patterns for a Question Answering System.
Learning Collaborative Information Filters.
Scale-Space Filtering.
Bursty and hierarchical structure in streams.
CCured: type-safe retrofitting of legacy code.
How to Make ad-hoc Polymorphism Less ad-hoc.
The Design of Postgres.
DISCOVER: Keyword Search in Relational Databases.
A Framework for Collaborative, Content-Based and Demographic Filtering.
Non-negative Matrix Factorization with Sparseness Constraints.
Information diffusion through blogspace.
Some Advances in Transformation-Based Part of Speech Tagging.
Ownership Types for Flexible Alias Protection.
Compositional Pointer and Escape Analysis for Java Programs.
An Optimal and Progressive Algorithm for Skyline Queries.
Combating Web Spam with TrustRank.
Shooting Stars in the Sky: An Online Algorithm for Skyline Queries.
STING: A Statistical Information Grid Approach to Spatial Data Mining.
The Alignment Template Approach to Statistical Machine Translation.
Denial of Service in Sensor Networks.
Compiler Transformations for High-Performance Computing.
Inside the Slammer Worm.
A Theory of Communicating Sequential Processes.
Tabled Evaluation With Delaying for General Logic Programs.
The link prediction problem for social networks.
TGFF: task graphs for free.
Maude: specification and programming in rewriting logic.
Disjunctive Datalog.
A reliable multicast framework for light-weight sessions and application level framing.
The Design and Implementation of Hierarchical Software Systems with Reusable Components.
Statistical Zero Knowledge Protocols to Prove Modular Polynomial Relations.
Probabilistic algorithms for sparse polynomials.
Incorporating Non-local Information into Information Extraction Systems by Gibbs Sampling.
QuickCheck: a lightweight tool for random testing of Haskell programs.
Transactional Memory Coherence and Consistency.
Making the Future Safe for the Past: Adding Genericity to the Java Programming Language.
Information Retrieval as Statistical Translation.
Similarity estimation techniques from rounding algorithms.
A Linear Space Algorithm for Computing Maximal Common Subsequences.
Core: a collaborative reputation mechanism to enforce node cooperation in mobile ad hoc networks.
Guided Self-Scheduling: A Practical Scheduling Scheme for Parallel Supercomputers.
KLAIM: A Kernel Language for Agents Interaction and Mobility.
Word Association Norms, Mutual Information and Lexicography.
Authenticated Key Exchange Secure Against Dictionary Attacks.
Validity of the single processor approach to achieving large scale computing capabilities.
Group formation in large social networks: membership, growth, and evolution.
Checking That Finite State Concurrent Programs Satisfy Their Linear Specification.
ExOR: opportunistic multi-hop routing for wireless networks.
Efficient Processing of Spatial Joins Using R-Trees.
Evaluating Probabilistic Queries over Imprecise Data.
Storing Semistructured Data with STORED.
Triangle: Engineering a 2D Quality Mesh Generator and Delaunay Triangulator.
Real-Time Heuristic Search.
Between MDPs and Semi-MDPs: A Framework for Temporal Abstraction in Reinforcement Learning.
A New Solution of Dijkstra's Concurrent Programming Problem.
Power, Politics, and MIS Implementation.
Principles of Transaction-Oriented Database Recovery.
Lucas-Kanade 20 Years On: A Unifying Framework.
Large Margin Classification Using the Perceptron Algorithm.
Seeded Region Growing.
Measuring Presence in Virtual Environments: A Presence Questionnaire.
Introduction to the Theory of Computation.
The Exact Security of Digital Signatures - HOw to Sign with RSA and Rabin.
Multi-channel mac for ad hoc networks: handling multi-channel hidden terminals using a single transceiver.
Feature-Rich Part-of-Speech Tagging with a Cyclic Dependency Network.
Multiobjective Optimization Using Evolutionary Algorithms - A Comparative Case Study.
MAPS: Multiresolution Adaptive Parameterization of Surfaces.
Local and Global Properties in Networks of Processors (Extended Abstract)
COMA - A System for Flexible Combination of Schema Matching Approaches.
Accelerated Volume Rendering and Tomographic Reconstruction Using Texture Mapping Hardware.
SPEC CPU2000: Measuring CPU Performance in the New Millennium.
An Introduction to Variational Methods for Graphical Models.
Larrabee: a many-core x86 architecture for visual computing.
How Do People Organize Their Desks? Implications for the Design of Office Information Systems.
The Digitization of Word of Mouth: Promise and Challenges of Online Feedback Mechanisms.
Escape Analysis for Java.
A Fast Elitist Non-dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm for Multi-objective Optimisation: NSGA-II.
Feature-based image metamorphosis.
A New Voronoi-based Surface Reconstruction Algorithm.
Locally Adaptive Dimensionality Reduction for Indexing Large Time Series Databases.
Scaling personalized web search.
Programming semantics for multiprogrammed computations.
Introduction to the Special Issue on Word Sense Disambiguation: The State of the Art.
Representations for Rigid Solids: Theory, Methods, and Systems.
The Monadic Second-Order Logic of Graphs. I. Recognizable Sets of Finite Graphs
On Generating All Maximal Independent Sets.
Dynamic Load Balancing for Distributed Memory Multiprocessors.
Face Description with Local Binary Patterns: Application to Face Recognition.
What we talk about when we talk about context.
BioAmbients: an abstraction for biological compartments.
The X Window System.
Improving Search in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Support vector machine learning for interdependent and structured output spaces.
Privacy preserving association rule mining in vertically partitioned data.
Efficiently mining frequent trees in a forest.
Efficient Path Profiling.
Ownership types for safe programming: preventing data races and deadlocks.
A Generalisation, a Simplification and Some Applications of Paillier's Probabilistic Public-Key System.
Parallel programming in Split-C.
Interactive Multi-Resolution Modeling on Arbitrary Meshes.
Training Algorithms for Linear Text Classifiers.
Gigascope: A Stream Database for Network Applications.
Data Structures and Algorithms for Nearest Neighbor Search in General Metric Spaces.
MindReader: Querying Databases Through Multiple Examples.
A Guide to Completeness and Complexity for Modal Logics of Knowledge and Belief.
On Packing R-trees.
A Parallel Repetition Theorem.
Continuous Queries over Data Streams.
A search engine for 3D models.
A Loop Transformation Theory and an Algorithm to Maximize Parallelism.
Model-Based Performance Prediction in Software Development: A Survey.
Modeling and Verification of Time Dependent Systems Using Time Petri Nets.
A Calculus of Mobile Agents.
Verbs and Adverbs: Multidimensional Motion Interpolation.
Clustering Data Streams.
The Z notation - a reference manual.
Localization from mere connectivity.
Comparison of broadcasting techniques for mobile ad hoc networks.
Limiting privacy breaches in privacy preserving data mining.
Core Based Trees (CBT).
High-order entropy-compressed text indexes.
Fusion, Propagation, and Structuring in Belief Networks.
Algorithm for optimal winner determination in combinatorial auctions.
A Theorem on Boolean Matrices.
Easy Problems for Tree-Decomposable Graphs.
On inferring autonomous system relationships in the internet .
Discriminative Training and Maximum Entropy Models for Statistical Machine Translation.
A Metric for Distributions with Applications to Image Databases.
Piranha: a scalable architecture based on single-chip multiprocessing.
Korat: automated testing based on Java predicates.
On the Complexity of Optimal K-Anonymity.
Simple on-the-fly automatic verification of linear temporal logic.
Rendering Synthetic Objects into Real Scenes: Bridging Traditional and Image-based Graphics with Global Illumination and High Dynamic Range Photography.
Improving Automatic Query Expansion.
Oblivious Transfer and Polynomial Evaluation.
Algorithms for Constraint-Satisfaction Problems: A Survey.
A Framework for Generating Network-Based Moving Objects.
Recent trends in hierarchic document clustering: A critical review.
Object modelling by registration of multiple range images.
Reo: a channel-based coordination model for component composition.
A Bayesian Computer Vision System for Modeling Human Interactions.
Toward Machine Emotional Intelligence: Analysis of Affective Physiological State.
Efficient fair queueing using deficit round-robin.
Performance-Effective and Low-Complexity Task Scheduling for Heterogeneous Computing.
The TV-Tree: An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Data
On calculating connected dominating set for efficient routing in ad hoc wireless networks.
The Stable marriage problem - structure and algorithms.
Adaptive duplicate detection using learnable string similarity measures.
Cloning-based context-sensitive pointer alias analysis using binary decision diagrams.
Matching Events in a Content-Based Subscription System.
BLINC: multilevel traffic classification in the dark.
Methods and metrics for cold-start recommendations.
Web Server Workload Characterization: The Search for Invariants.
Extracting Structured Data from Web Pages.
Implementation of Integrity Constraints and Views by Query Modification.
Efficient oblivious transfer protocols.
EDUTELLA: a P2P networking infrastructure based on RDF.
Planning and Acting in Partially Observable Stochastic Domains.
The Case for Energy-Proportional Computing.
Mica: A Wireless Platform for Deeply Embedded Networks.
Finite-time Analysis of the Multiarmed Bandit Problem.
An Efficient Routing Protocol for Wireless Networks.
Face Detection in Color Images.
Simple Linear-Time Algorithms to Test Chordality of Graphs, Test Acyclicity of Hypergraphs, and Selectively Reduce Acyclic Hypergraphs.
Authentication in Distributed Systems: Theory and Practice.
Seesoft-A Tool For Visualizing Line Oriented Software Statistics.
Cloud computing and emerging IT platforms: Vision, hype, and reality for delivering computing as the 5th utility.
Rumor routing algorthim for sensor networks.
Bayeux: an architecture for scalable and fault-tolerant wide-area data dissemination.
Subject-Oriented Programming (A Critique of Pure Objects).
The Case for a Single-Chip Multiprocessor.
Enforcing High-Level Protocols in Low-Level Software.
On Indexing Mobile Objects.
Executing SQL over encrypted data in the database-service-provider model.
The New Casper: Query Processing for Location Services without Compromising Privacy.
Micropipelines.
Finding Related Pages in the World Wide Web.
Compressed full-text indexes.
On Finding the Maxima of a Set of Vectors.
The Tree-to-Tree Correction Problem.
In Defense of the Eight-Point Algorithm.
A Simple Parallel Algorithm for the Maximal Independent Set Problem.
Database Description with SDM: A Semantic Database Model.
CCFinder: A Multilinguistic Token-Based Code Clone Detection System for Large Scale Source Code.
Foundations of Inductive Logic Programming
Exploiting Generative Models in Discriminative Classifiers.
Threshold Signatures, Multisignatures and Blind Signatures Based on the Gap-Diffie-Hellman-Group Signature Scheme.
Wavelet-Based Histograms for Selectivity Estimation.
Efficient Authentication and Signing of Multicast Streams over Lossy Channels.
Some Optimal Inapproximability Results.
C-Store: A Column-oriented DBMS.
Web-scale information extraction in knowitall: (preliminary results).
Opinion observer: analyzing and comparing opinions on the Web.
The State of the art in distributed query processing.
Hardware-Software Cosynthesis for Digital Systems.
An Overview of Evolutionary Algorithms in Multiobjective Optimization.
Application of a stochastic name-passing calculus to representation and simulation of molecular processes.
Derivatives of Regular Expressions.
Counterexample-guided abstraction refinement for symbolic model checking.
Online Palmprint Identification.
Deforestation: Transforming Programs to Eliminate Trees.
Discovering Models of Software Processes from Event-Based Data.
Extending the TAM for a World-Wide-Web context.
Efficient clustering of high-dimensional data sets with application to reference matching.
A two-tier data dissemination model for large-scale wireless sensor networks.
Conversion of Control Dependence to Data Dependence.
DAML-S: Web Service Description for the Semantic Web.
Fast volume rendering using a shear-warp factorization of the viewing transformation.
A Framework for Clustering Evolving Data Streams.
Reaching Agreements Through Argumentation: A Logical Model and Implementation.
Robust Monte Carlo localization for mobile robots.
Measuring Praise and Criticism: Inference of Semantic Orientation from Association
Real-Time Computing Without Stable States: A New Framework for Neural Computation Based on Perturbations.
Performance Engineering of Software Systems.
Garbage Collection in an Uncooperative Environment.
Word-Sense Disambiguation Using Statistical Models of Roget's Categories Trained on Large Corpora.
A fast and elitist multiobjective genetic algorithm: NSGA-II.
Efficient ray tracing of volume data.
Content-Boosted Collaborative Filtering for Improved Recommendations.
SLIQ: A Fast Scalable Classifier for Data Mining.
Why do people use information technology? A critical review of the technology acceptance model.
Performance engineering of software systems.
Pipeline Gating: Speculation Control for Energy Reduction.
Mining specifications.
The Java memory model.
Synthesizing Realistic Facial Expressions from Photographs.
The design and implementation of an intentional naming system.
On Approximating Arbitrary Metrices by Tree Metrics.
Probabilistic Horn Abduction and Bayesian Networks.
Soot - a Java bytecode optimization framework.
The Measurement of User Information Satisfaction.
Seven Good Reasons for Mobile Agents.
Principles of Mixed-Initiative User Interfaces.
Alignment by Maximization of Mutual Information.
Improvements to Platt's SMO Algorithm for SVM Classifier Design.
Shape from Shading: A Survey.
A Generalized Definition of Rough Approximations Based on Similarity.
Strongly equivalent logic programs.
Optimistic Recovery in Distributed Systems
The performance of TCP/IP for networks with high bandwidth-delay products and random loss.
A Compile-Time Scheduling Heuristic for Interconnection-Constrained Heterogeneous Processor Architectures.
A Practical and Provably Secure Coalition-Resistant Group Signature Scheme.
Discovering Similar Multidimensional Trajectories.
Consumer trust in an Internet store.
Diffusion Kernels on Graphs and Other Discrete Input Spaces.
The simulation and evaluation of dynamic voltage scaling algorithms.
The LCA Problem Revisited.
Viceroy: a scalable and dynamic emulation of the butterfly.
Practical Techniques for Searches on Encrypted Data.
Asynchronous Distributed Simulation via a Sequence of Parallel Computations.
Automatic verification of Pipelined Microprocessor Control.
Analyzing the Effectiveness and Applicability of Co-training.
Social translucence: an approach to designing systems that support social processes.
Fail-Stop Processors: An Approach to Designing Fault-Tolerant Computing Systems
Measuring praise and criticism: Inference of semantic orientation from association.
Coupled hidden Markov models for complex action recognition.
A Syntax-based Statistical Translation Model.
Inferring Activities from Interactions with Objects.
Recent directions in netlist partitioning: a survey.
Distributed Clustering for Ad Hoc Networks.
A probabilistic framework for semi-supervised clustering.
Mining knowledge-sharing sites for viral marketing.
RacerX: effective, static detection of race conditions and deadlocks.
Design and Implementation of a TCG-based Integrity Measurement Architecture.
Letters to the editor: go to statement considered harmful.
When and how to develop domain-specific languages.
Extensions to the k-Means Algorithm for Clustering Large Data Sets with Categorical Values.
Decision Theoretic Generalizations of the PAC Model for Neural Net and Other Learning Applications
Iterative point matching for registration of free-form curves and surfaces.
The Distributed Constraint Satisfaction Problem: Formalization and Algorithms.
The Programming Language Aspects of ThingLab, a Constraint-Oriented Simulation Laboratory.
Protocol Specifications and Component Adaptors.
Personal Computing: Toward a Conceptual Model of Utilization.
Verification of Workflow Nets.
Using Prototypical Objects to Implement Shared Behavior in Object Oriented Systems.
Resource Containers: A New Facility for Resource Management in Server Systems.
Value Locality and Load Value Prediction.
Distributional Clustering of Words for Text Classification.
Compact routing schemes.
The Process Group Approach to Reliable Distributed Computing.
On the minimal synchronism needed for distributed consensus.
Swoogle: a search and metadata engine for the semantic web.
Online Passive-Aggressive Algorithms.
Design Science in Information Systems Research.
Locality in Distributed Graph Algorithms.
The Existence of Refinement Mappings.
A fine-grained access control system for XML documents.
Scalable Algorithms for Association Mining.
Update Semantics of Relational Views.
Fast bilateral filtering for the display of high-dynamic-range images.
Multi-level partition of unity implicits.
A Non-Local Algorithm for Image Denoising.
Sequential Circuit Design Using Synthesis and Optimization.
I-TCP: Indirect TCP for Mobile Hosts.
A Survey of Optimization by Building and Using Probabilistic Models.
Fast Static Analysis of C++ Virtual Function Calls.
Classes and Mixins.
An analysis of a large scale habitat monitoring application.
Geometry compression.
Realistic modeling for facial animation.
Cluster-Based Scalable Network Services.
Selectivity Estimation Without the Attribute Value Independence Assumption.
Analysis of interacting BPEL web services.
Minimizing Conflicts: A Heuristic Repair Method for Constraint Satisfaction and Scheduling Problems.
The Koala Component Model for Consumer Electronics Software.
Reconfigurable computing: a survey of systems and software.
The class imbalance problem: A systematic study.
Digital family portraits: supporting peace of mind for extended family members.
Selective Cache Ways: On-Demand Cache Resource Allocation.
Working Set Selection Using Second Order Information for Training Support Vector Machines.
Stimulating Cooperation in Self-Organizing Mobile Ad Hoc Networks.
Web Mining Research: A Survey.
Programming with Abstract Data Types.
SUIF: An Infrastructure for Research on Parallelizing and Optimizing Compilers.
A static analyzer for finding dynamic programming errors.
Explicit allocation of best-effort packet delivery service.
Generic Global Placement and Floorplanning.
The Pyramid Match Kernel: Discriminative Classification with Sets of Image Features.
Optimizing Queries with Materialized Views.
Determining the Sentiment of Opinions.
Locality-Aware Request Distribution in Cluster-based Network Servers.
Profile Guided Code Positioning.
Practical animation of liquids.
Artificial fishes: physics, locomotion, perception, behavior.
Learning to cluster web search results.
Improved Steiner tree approximation in graphs.
Qualitative Simulation.
Building Consumer Trust Online.
Horus: A Flexible Group Communication System.
An Algorithm for Pronominal Anaphora Resolution.
Advances in Network Simulation.
Truth Revelation in Approximately Efficient Combinatorial Auctions
Web Mining Research: A Survey
Formal Methods: State of the Art and Future Directions.
Ambiguity as a resource for design.
On Context-Free Languages.
Image Representation Using 2D Gabor Wavelets.
Astrolabe: A robust and scalable technology for distributed system monitoring, management, and data mining.
Improving the effectiveness of information retrieval with local context analysis.
Modeling TCP Reno performance: a simple model and its empirical validation.
Combining Collaborative Filtering with Personal Agents for Better Recommendations.
Agent Theories, Architectures, and Languages: A Survey.
Mining Process Models from Workflow Logs.
Language Primitives and Type Discipline for Structured Communication-Based Programming.
Toward Hierarchical Identity-Based Encryption.
Multi-Paragraph Segmentation of Expository Text.
Multiple kernel learning, conic duality, and the SMO algorithm.
Tile Size Selection Using Cache Organization and Data Layout.
Motion signal processing.
Adaptive display algorithm for interactive frame rates during visualization of complex virtual environments.
Parallel Coordinates: A Tool for Visualizing Multi-dimensional Geometry.
Automated Selection of Materialized Views and Indexes in SQL Databases.
A software framework for matchmaking based on semantic web technology.
Improving recommendation lists through topic diversification.
Toward a generalized theory of uncertainty (GTU) - an outline.
Optimal Aggregation Algorithms for Middleware
Color-Coding
Rough Set Approach to Incomplete Information Systems.
A Machine-Independent Theory of the Complexity of Recursive Functions.
On the Time-Complexity of Broadcast in Multi-hop Radio Networks: An Exponential Gap Between Determinism and Randomization.
Large Scale Multiple Kernel Learning.
Training Products of Experts by Minimizing Contrastive Divergence.
Implicit feedback for inferring user preference: a bibliography.
Lazy snapping.
Color-Based Probabilistic Tracking.
When Is ''Nearest Neighbor'' Meaningful?
Probability Estimates for Multi-Class Classification by Pairwise Coupling.
Formal certification of a compiler back-end or: programming a compiler with a proof assistant.
Concurrent Zero-Knowledge.
Limits on the Provable Consequences of One-Way Permutations
Wrapper induction: Efficiency and expressiveness.
A Real-Time Garbage Collector Based on the Lifetimes of Objects.
Adaptive Fraud Detection.
Efficient Randomized Pattern-Matching Algorithms.
Shock Graphs and Shape Matching.
User Acceptance of Information Technology: System Characteristics, User Perceptions and Behavioral Impacts.
Efficient Mining of Association Rules Using Closed Itemset Lattices.
Toward a generalized theory of uncertainty (GTU)--an outline.
Real Life Information Retrieval: A Study of User Queries on the Web.
HMM-Based Word Alignment in Statistical Translation.
Geometry images.
Telos: Representing Knowledge About Information Systems.
A Calculus for Access Control in Distributed Systems.
Untraceable Electronic Cash.
Can recursive bisection alone produce routable placements?
Settling the Complexity of Two-Player Nash Equilibrium.
An Identity Based Encryption Scheme Based on Quadratic Residues.
A static analyzer for large safety-critical software.
Efficient Implementation of the Smalltalk-80 System.
A Digital Fountain Approach to Reliable Distribution of Bulk Data.
Mining anomalies using traffic feature distributions.
Privacy preserving auctions and mechanism design.
BEAT: the Behavior Expression Animation Toolkit.
A Critique of ANSI SQL Isolation Levels.
Approximate Computation of Multidimensional Aggregates of Sparse Data Using Wavelets.
Energy-aware adaptation for mobile applications.
Cyclone: A Safe Dialect of C.
A Qualitative Physics Based on Confluences.
Wireless mesh networks: a survey.
Virtual Reality on a WIM: Interactive Worlds in Miniature.
How to Assign Votes in a Distributed System
Face Recognition: The Problem of Compensating for Changes in Illumination Direction.
Finite-Element Methods for Active Contour Models and Balloons for 2-D and 3-D Images.
Mining Sequential Patterns by Pattern-Growth: The PrefixSpan Approach.
A Generalization of Algebraic Surface Drawing.
Abstract Interpretation of Reactive Systems.
The Dynamics of Reinforcement Learning in Cooperative Multiagent Systems.
Tracking People with Twists and Exponential Maps.
Analysis of Key-Exchange Protocols and Their Use for Building Secure Channels.
Wire routing by optimizing channel assignment within large apertures.
Open Information Extraction from the Web.
Efficient Identity Based Signature Schemes Based on Pairings.
A Control-Theoretic Approach to Flow Control.
Secure Group Communications Using Key Graphs.
Shoring Up Persistent Applications.
A Trace-Driven Analysis of the UNIX 4.2 BSD File System.
Phidgets: easy development of physical interfaces through physical widgets.
Crawling the Hidden Web.
Temporal Difference Learning and TD-Gammon.
A Sufficient Condition for Backtrack-Free Search.
Confluent Reductions: Abstract Properties and Applications to Term Rewriting Systems: Abstract Properties and Applications to Term Rewriting Systems.
Closure properties of constraints.
IP = PSPACE.
Hierarchical Chamfer Matching: A Parametric Edge Matching Algorithm.
A Theory of Multiscale, Curvature-Based Shape Representation for Planar Curves.
Computational Problems Related to the Design of Normal Form Relational Schemas.
Applying the Technology Acceptance Model and Flow Theory to Online Consumer Behavior.
Checking Safety Properties Using Induction and a SAT-Solver.
Matchmaking: Distributed Resource Management for High Throughput Computing.
Architecture-Based Runtime Software Evolution.
Clone Detection Using Abstract Syntax Trees.
Lazy Release Consistency for Software Distributed Shared Memory.
Transforming data to satisfy privacy constraints.
Architecture and evaluation of an unplanned 802.11b mesh network.
Multicast Operation of the Ad-Hoc On-Demand Distance Vector Routing Protocol.
A Practical Secret Voting Scheme for Large Scale Elections.
How to Leak a Secret.
Geometric ad-hoc routing: of theory and practice.
A Community Authorization Service for Group Collaboration.
Anytime, Anywhere: Modal Logics for Mobile Ambients.
Pad: an alternative approach to the computer interface.
An Abstract, Argumentation-Theoretic Approach to Default Reasoning.
Planning for Conjunctive Goals.
Extended Boolean Information Retrieval.
The Challenges of Mobile Computing.
Branching Time and Abstraction in Bisimulation Semantics.
Simple BM25 extension to multiple weighted fields.
Research Problems in Data Warehousing.
Probability Estimates for Multi-class Classification by Pairwise Coupling.
Information fusion in biometrics.
Support vector domain description.
Free Bits, PCPs, and Nonapproximability-Towards Tight Results.
Highly-resilient, energy-efficient multipath routing in wireless sensor networks.
Interactive motion generation from examples.
Difficulties in simulating the internet.
Data Streams: Algorithms and Applications.
Content-based book recommending using learning for text categorization.
Lower Bounds for Discrete Logarithms and Related Problems.
Improving Machine Learning Approaches to Coreference Resolution.
An Identity-Based Signature from Gap Diffie-Hellman Groups.
Semirings, Automata, Languages
The sybil attack in sensor networks: analysis & defenses.
Query chains: learning to rank from implicit feedback.
: A Multicast Technique for True Video-on-Demand Services.
Software Prefetching.
Visual simulation of smoke.
Spacetime constraints.
New Sampling-Based Summary Statistics for Improving Approximate Query Answers.
Witness Indistinguishable and Witness Hiding Protocols
Optimizing web search using social annotations.
A technique for computer detection and correction of spelling errors.
Edit Wear and Read Wear.
Learning Low-Level Vision.
Representing and Recognizing the Visual Appearance of Materials using Three-dimensional Textons.
Complexity of Network Synchronization
Optimal aggregation algorithms for middleware.
Randomness is Linear in Space.
Multichannel Texture Analysis Using Localized Spatial Filters.
Scratchpad memory: design alternative for cache on-chip memory in embedded systems.
Semantic Integration: A Survey Of Ontology-Based Approaches.
Search-based software test data generation: a survey.
: An Integrated Reconfigurable System for Data-Parallel and Computation-Intensive Applications.
Cache Coherence Protocols: Evaluation Using a Multiprocessor Simulation Model.
Gradient domain high dynamic range compression.
The CQL continuous query language: semantic foundations and query execution.
On Defining Proofs of Knowledge.
A symbolic representation of time series, with implications for streaming algorithms.
Efficient Retrieval of Similar Time Sequences Under Time Warping.
Where the Really Hard Problems Are.
I tube, you tube, everybody tubes: analyzing the world's largest user generated content video system.
The Program Dependence Graph in a Software Development Environment.
Mercury: supporting scalable multi-attribute range queries.
Visual Web Information Extraction with Lixto.
Semantic search.
Quality driven web services composition.
Google news personalization: scalable online collaborative filtering.
The KDD Process for Extracting Useful Knowledge from Volumes of Data.
Content-Based Book Recommending Using Learning for Text Categorization
Query Chains: Learning to Rank from Implicit Feedback
A Descriptive Framework of Workspace Awareness for Real-Time Groupware.
Graph Cuts and Efficient N-D Image Segmentation.
Unraveling the Web Services Web: An Introduction to SOAP, WSDL, and UDDI.
SVMTorch: Support Vector Machines for Large-Scale Regression Problems.
A Structure-Preserving Clause Form Translation.
Combination of Multiple Classifiers Using Local Accuracy Estimates.
Internet Web servers: workload characterization and performance implications.
End-to-end internet packet dynamics.
An Efficient Unification Algorithm.
Security Proofs for Signature Schemes.
Online Large-Margin Training of Dependency Parsers.
A Min-max Cut Algorithm for Graph Partitioning and Data Clustering.
On the constancy of internet path properties.
Nymble: a High-Performance Learning Name-finder.
Mining the Most Interesting Rules.
Scenario-Based Performance Analysis of Routing Protocols for Mobile ad-hoc Networks.
Type-based race detection for Java.
Robust distributed network localization with noisy range measurements.
Energy-efficient collision-free medium access control for wireless sensor networks.
Replication strategies in unstructured peer-to-peer networks.
Piecewise smooth surface reconstruction.
Retrieval evaluation with incomplete information.
A Markov random field model for term dependencies.
Bebop: A Symbolic Model Checker for Boolean Programs.
Focused Crawling Using Context Graphs.
Information revelation and privacy in online social networks.
Temporal Reasoning Based on Semi-Intervals.
Passive Dynamic Walking.
AntNet: Distributed Stigmergetic Control for Communications Networks.
Domain-Specific Languages: An Annotated Bibliography.
Evaluating Associativity in CPU Caches.
Evaluation of an Inference Network-Based Retrieval Model.
Checkpointing and Rollback-Recovery for Distributed Systems.
DAGON: Technology Binding and Local Optimization by DAG Matching.
Model Checking of Probabalistic and Nondeterministic Systems.
Employing EM and Pool-Based Active Learning for Text Classification.
Dynamic Storage Allocation: A Survey and Critical Review
DIVA: A Reliable Substrate for Deep Submicron Microarchitecture Design.
A Reliable Multicast Framework for Light-Weight Sessions and Application Level Framing.
Efficient Fair Queueing Using Deficit Round Robin.
Evaluating evaluation measure stability.
Secure Execution via Program Shepherding.
XSEarch: A Semantic Search Engine for XML.
Optimal Histograms with Quality Guarantees.
Tree Clustering for Constraint Networks.
FORM: A Feature-Oriented Reuse Method with Domain-Specific Reference Architectures.
Programmers Use Slices When Debugging.
A survey of the hough transform.
Kernel Independent Component Analysis.
Termination of Rewriting.
Web Search for a Planet: The Google Cluster Architecture.
The iSLIP scheduling algorithm for input-queued switches.
Spawn: A Distributed Computational Economy.
Real-Time Simultaneous Localisation and Mapping with a Single Camera.
Discovering Objects and their Localization in Images.
The information visualizer, an information workspace.
Scheduling Policies for an On-Demand Video Server with Batching.
Illustrating smooth surfaces.
Texture mapping progressive meshes.
Animating rotation with quaternion curves.
How Reliable Are the Results of Large-Scale Information Retrieval Experiments?
Data Mountain: Using Spatial Memory for Document Management.
Schema Mapping as Query Discovery.
The ObjectStore Database System.
Group communication specifications: a comprehensive study.
A Fuzzy Commitment Scheme.
Exponentiated Gradient Versus Gradient Descent for Linear Predictors.
Emerging frameworks for tangible user interfaces.
T Spaces.
Bridging Physical and Virtual Worlds with Electronic Tags.
Active Appearance Models Revisited.
Dynamic Program Slicing.
Fat-Trees: Universal Networks for Hardware-Efficient Supercomputing.
Locality-sensitive hashing scheme based on p-stable distributions.
Automatic Verification of Probabilistic Concurrent Finite-State Programs
MAFIA: A Maximal Frequent Itemset Algorithm for Transactional Databases.
Predicate calculus and program semantics.
Iconic Indexing by 2-D Strings.
Toward Optimal Active Learning through Sampling Estimation of Error Reduction.
Implicit interest indicators.
Structure and evolution of online social networks.
Fast and Effective Text Mining Using Linear-Time Document Clustering.
Exploiting Hardware Performance Counters with Flow and Context Sensitive Profiling.
How to Withstand Mobile Virus Attacks (Extended Abstract).
View Morphing.
Dynamic Structure in Software Architectures.
A Logical Language for Expressing Authorizations.
Empirical Analysis of Predictive Algorithms for Collaborative Filtering.
Cheap and Fast - But is it Good? Evaluating Non-Expert Annotations for Natural Language Tasks.
Users Are Not The Enemy.
Onion Routing.
The Cornell Program Synthesizer: A Syntax-Directed Programming Environment.
Mean value coordinates.
GameFlow: a model for evaluating player enjoyment in games.
Nymble: a High-Performance Learning Name-finder
Improved Heterogeneous Distance Functions
Some optimal inapproximability results
On Full Abstraction for PCF: I, II, and III.
Power-Aware Microarchitecture: Design and Modeling Challenges for Next-Generation Microprocessors.
On the Handling of Continuous-Valued Attributes in Decision Tree Generation.
Strengths and Weaknesses of Quantum Computing.
Parallel Merge Sort.
Centralized channel assignment and routing algorithms for multi-channel wireless mesh networks.
Efficient Data Mining for Path Traversal Patterns.
What Makes Patterns Interesting in Knowledge Discovery Systems.
The Temporal Query Language TQuel.
Model Checking and Modular Verification.
Span: An Energy-Efficient Coordination Algorithm for Topology Maintenance in Ad Hoc Wireless Networks.
Approximate Aggregation Techniques for Sensor Databases.
Principles of Trust for MAS: Cognitive Anatomy, Social Importance, and Quantification.
Implementing the Tate Pairing.
Sequential PAttern mining using a bitmap representation.
CloseGraph: mining closed frequent graph patterns.
Flow-Sensitive Type Qualifiers.
The SLam Calculus: Programming with Secrecy and Integrity.
Secure Information Flow in a Multi-Threaded Imperative Language.
A wireless sensor network For structural monitoring.
Pose space deformation: a unified approach to shape interpolation and skeleton-driven deformation.
The Office of the Future: A Unified Approach to Image-based Modeling and Spatially Immersive Displays.
Comprehensible rendering of 3-D shapes.
Sleepers and Workaholics: Caching Strategies in Mobile Environments.
Accelerating XPath location steps.
View Maintenance in a Warehousing Environment.
Generating Hard Instances of Lattice Problems (Extended Abstract).
Adaptively Secure Multi-Party Computation.
Enabling Technology for Knowledge Sharing.
Aspect-oriented programming - introduction.
Example-Based Super-Resolution.
Regular Models of Phonological Rule Systems.
Inductive Inference: Theory and Methods.
Equivalences Among Relational Expressions with the Union and Difference Operators.
Probabilistic Construction of Deterministic Algorithms: Approximating Packing Integer Programs.
Short Signatures from the Weil Pairing.
Object-oriented metrics that predict maintainability.
Computer Performance Modeling Handbook.
A Brief Survey of Web Data Extraction Tools.
A Fast Algorithm for Finding Dominators in a Flowgraph.
Automata For Modeling Real-Time Systems.
Visualization of test information to assist fault localization.
NTRU: A Ring-Based Public Key Cryptosystem.
Bug isolation via remote program sampling.
Efficient Flow-Sensitive Interprocedural Computation of Pointer-Induced Aliases and Side Effects.
A macroscope in the redwoods.
Laplacian Surface Editing.
Real-Time, Continuous Level of Detail Rendering of Height Fields.
Creating full view panoramic image mosaics and environment maps.
Motion warping.
Deriving Concept Hierarchies from Text.
Shade: A Fast Instruction-Set Simulator for Execution Profiling.
Space-Efficient Online Computation of Quantile Summaries.
Embedding Planar Graphs on the Grid.
Universal Schemes for Parallel Communication
Multi-finger and whole hand gestural interaction techniques for multi-user tabletop displays.
Planning as heuristic search.
Exploratory search: from finding to understanding.
A survey on wireless multimedia sensor networks.
Crowdsourcing user studies with Mechanical Turk.
Improved Heterogeneous Distance Functions.
Gender Differences in the Perception and Use of E-Mail: An Extension to the Technology Acceptance Model.
A Weighted Nearest Neighbor Algorithm for Learning with Symbolic Features.
Interactive digital photomontage.
Geometric Compression Through Topological Surgery.
Estimating Software Project Effort Using Analogies.
Dynamic Accumulators and Application to Efficient Revocation of Anonymous Credentials.
Provably Secure and Practical Identification Schemes and Corresponding Signature Schemes.
Requirements for photoware.
Boosting Combinatorial Search Through Randomization.
A Scalable Comparison-Shopping Agent for the World-Wide Web.
Systematic software development using VDM.
Universally Composable Two-Party and Multi-Party Secure Computation.
Automatically Tuned Linear Algebra Software.
Optimizing Matrix Multiply Using PHiPAC: A Portable, High-Performance, ANSI C Coding Methodology.
Safe Kernel Extensions Without Run-Time Checking.
The design philosophy of the DARPA internet protocols.
Dynamics of Random Early Detection.
Peer-to-peer information retrieval using self-organizing semantic overlay networks.
Improv: A System for Scripting Interactive Actors in Virtual Worlds.
XMILL: An Efficient Compressor for XML Data.
Anonymous Connections and Onion Routing.
A Modular Approach to the Design and Analysis of Authentication and Key Exchange Protocols (Extended Abstract).
Point Set Surfaces.
Specification of Graph Translators with Triple Graph Grammars.
The Computational Complexity of Propositional STRIPS Planning.
What does a Conditional Knowledge Base Entail?
Revised report on the algorithm language ALGOL 60.
Computational Algorithms for Closed Queueing Networks with Exponential Servers.
A Technique for Software Module Specification with Examples.
Color Transfer between Images.
A Guided Tour of Chernoff Bounds.
Communication and Trust in Global Virtual Teams.
Achieving Convergence, Causality Preservation, and Intention Preservation in Real-Time Cooperative Editing Systems.
A Language Facility for Designing Database-Intensive Applications.
Learning to Extract Symbolic Knowledge from the World Wide Web.
Sweetening Ontologies with DOLCE.
Dependency Tree Kernels for Relation Extraction.
Muliscale Vessel Enhancement Filtering.
Two-Level Adaptive Training Branch Prediction.
An Architecture for a Secure Service Discovery Service.
Design pattern implementation in Java and aspectJ.
Revealing information while preserving privacy.
A Study of Retrospective and On-Line Event Detection.
The Pyramid-Technique: Towards Breaking the Curse of Dimensionality.
Maintaining stream statistics over sliding windows (extended abstract).
Bullet: high bandwidth data dissemination using an overlay mesh.
Object-Oriented Programming: Themes and Variations.
Review on Computational Trust and Reputation Models.
Defeasible Logic Programming: An Argumentative Approach
Usability Engineering: Scenario-based Development of Human-Computer Interaction.
P-Complete Approximation Problems.
Kernel Methods for Relation Extraction.
The M5 Simulator: Modeling Networked Systems.
Thinning Methodologies - A Comprehensive Survey.
General Tensor Discriminant Analysis and Gabor Features for Gait Recognition.
An overview of JML tools and applications.
Distributed cognition: toward a new foundation for human-computer interaction research.
Query Processing in a System for Distributed Databases (SDD-1).
Progressive skyline computation in database systems.
Deformation transfer for triangle meshes.
Query-based sampling of text databases.
Maximum lifetime routing in wireless sensor networks.
Dynamic Critical-Path Scheduling: An Effective Technique for Allocating Task Graphs to Multiprocessors.
Defeasible Logic Programming: An Argumentative Approach.
A Taxonomy of Scheduling in General-Purpose Distributed Computing Systems.
Using Program Slicing in Software Maintenance.
Principal Manifolds and Nonlinear Dimensionality Reduction via Tangent Space Alignment.
A Practical Bayesian Framework for Backpropagation Networks.
A New Statistical Parser Based on Bigram Lexical Dependencies.
SPEED: A Stateless Protocol for Real-Time Communication in Sensor Networks.
Aggregate and Verifiably Encrypted Signatures from Bilinear Maps.
Uniprocessor Garbage Collection Techniques.
Improved Query Performance with Variant Indexes.
Trapdoors for hard lattices and new cryptographic constructions.
ULDBs: Databases with Uncertainty and Lineage.
Fast Time Sequence Indexing for Arbitrary Lp Norms.
Surfing Wavelets on Streams: One-Pass Summaries for Approximate Aggregate Queries.
Membership algebra as a logical framework for equational specification.
Propositional Knowledge Base Revision and Minimal Change.
Timestamps in Key Distribution Protocols.
An Empirical Validation of Software Cost Estimation Models.
Query Optimization in Database Systems.
Single Display Groupware: A Model for Co-Present Collaboration.
Is there a need for fuzzy logic?
The Parallel Evaluation of General Arithmetic Expressions.
Efficient Feature Selection via Analysis of Relevance and Redundancy.
Lambertian Reflectance and Linear Subspaces.
Editorial: special issue on learning from imbalanced data sets.
Determining Semantic Similarity among Entity Classes from Different Ontologies.
WYSIWIS Revised: Early Experiences with Multiuser Interfaces.
Improvements to Graph Coloring Register Allocation.
The Concurrency Workbench: A Semantics-Based Tool for the Verification of Concurrent Systems.
Large-Scale Concept Ontology for Multimedia.
What can be seen in three dimensions with an uncalibrated stereo rig.
An Object Calculus for Asynchronous Communication.
Semantics of programming languages - structures and techniques.
An Efficient System for Non-transferable Anonymous Credentials with Optional Anonymity Revocation.
Learning from Labeled and Unlabeled Data using Graph Mincuts.
Tracking down software bugs using automatic anomaly detection.
Optimal Brain Damage.
Distributing streaming media content using cooperative networking.
A Cost Model For Nearest Neighbor Search in High-Dimensional Data Space.
Small Forwarding Tables for Fast Routing Lookups.
Models for Metasearch.
On-Line New Event Detection and Tracking.
Beyond independent relevance: methods and evaluation metrics for subtopic retrieval.
Updating XML.
Scaling and Related Techniques for Geometry Problems
ROAMing terrain: real-time optimally adapting meshes.
Optimizing Queries Across Diverse Data Sources.
Coordination in Software Development.
Agent Communication Languages: Rethinking the Principles.
Logical models of argument.
EXE: automatically generating inputs of death.
The Semantic Web Revisited.
A comparative study of fuzzy rough sets.
The dawning of the autonomic computing era.
Determining the Epipolar Geometry and its Uncertainty: A Review.
Experimental queueing analysis with long-range dependent packet traffic.
Testing Software Design Modeled by Finite-State Machines.
Towards Sound Approaches to Counteract Power-Analysis Attacks.
Noun Classification from Predicate-Argument Structures.
Randomized Rumor Spreading.
PathFinder: A Negotiation-based Performance-driven Router for FPGAs.
Barbed Bisimulation.
An introduction to Kolmogorov complexity and its applications.
Code-Red: a case study on the spread and victims of an internet worm.
A streaming ensemble algorithm (SEA) for large-scale classification.
Diagnosing network-wide traffic anomalies.
Iolus: A Framework for Scalable Secure Multicasting.
Adaptively sampled distance fields: a general representation of shape for computer graphics.
A practical model for subsurface light transport.
Computer-generated pen-and-ink illustration.
Cluster-based retrieval using language models.
Copy Detection Mechanisms for Digital Documents.
Optimal Multi-Step k-Nearest Neighbor Search.
The Author-Topic Model for Authors and Documents.
Cost-Aware WWW Proxy Caching Algorithms.
DBMSs on a Modern Processor: Where Does Time Go?
Adaptive web search based on user profile constructed without any effort from users.
Parallel Algorithms for Shared-Memory Machines.
Information Visualization Using 3D Interactive Animation.
Parametrization and smooth approximation of surface triangulations.
Digital Libraries and Autonomous Citation Indexing.
From E-Sex to E-Commerce: Web Search Changes.
TileBars: Visualization of Term Distribution Information in Full Text Information Access.
Color-Coding.
Truth revelation in approximately efficient combinatorial auctions.
A Simple Generalisation of the Area Under the ROC Curve for Multiple Class Classification Problems.
Distributed Anonymous Mobile Robots: Formation of Geometric Patterns.
Aggregating Strategies.
The ARBAC97 Model for Role-Based Administration of Roles.
Model-Checking Algorithms for Continuous-Time Markov Chains.
The Evolving Philosophers Problem: Dynamic Change Management.
Efficient Collision Detection Using Bounding Volume Hierarchies of k-DOPs.
Proactive Secret Sharing Or: How to Cope With Perpetual Leakage.
3-D model-based tracking of humans in action: a multi-view approach.
Evolutionary Optimization Versus Particle Swarm Optimization: Philosophy and Performance Differences.
A Practical Scheme for Non-interactive Verifiable Secret Sharing
Universal Hash Proofs and a Paradigm for Adaptive Chosen Ciphertext Secure Public-Key Encryption.
On the Security of Joint Signature and Encryption.
Memory access scheduling.
Comparing Algorithm for Dynamic Speed-Setting of a Low-Power CPU.
Dependent Types in Practical Programming.
Style machines.
Progressive geometry compression.
Video textures.
Surface splatting.
A Hidden Markov Model Information Retrieval System.
Efficient Keyword Search for Smallest LCAs in XML Databases.
An Array-Based Algorithm for Simultaneous Multidimensional Aggregates.
A random graph model for massive graphs.
Sensing techniques for mobile interaction.
The MetaDESK: Models and Prototypes for Tangible User Interfaces.
Bucket Elimination: A Unifying Framework for Reasoning.
Baring It All to Software: Raw Machines.
Multiobjective Evolutionary Algorithms: Analyzing the State-of-the-Art.
A Logic for Reasoning about Probabilities
A Completeness Theorem for Kleene Algebras and the Algebra of Regular Events
Software Protection and Simulation on Oblivious RAMs.
Strategies for Cache and Local Memory Management by Global Program Transformation.
Electronic Data Interchange and Small Organizations: Adoption and Impact of Technology.
A Simple Unpredictable Pseudo-Random Number Generator.
A survey of data provenance in e-science.
An Object Oriented Approach to Web-Based Applications Design.
Cg: a system for programming graphics hardware in a C-like language.
Self-Indexing Inverted Files for Fast Text Retrieval.
Constant Propagation with Conditional Branches.
Limits on Interconnection Network Performance.
A Unified Framework for Coupling Measurement in Object-Oriented Systems.
The JEDI Event-Based Infrastructure and Its Application to the Development of the OPSS WFMS.
The Method of Layers.
Measuring Similarity between Ontologies.
Algebraic Approaches to Graph Transformation - Part I: Basic Concepts and Double Pushout Approach.
Index Selection for OLAP.
Automata-theoretic aspects of formal power series.
Fitness Distance Correlation as a Measure of Problem Difficulty for Genetic Algorithms.
Modeling concurrency with partial orders.
Less is More: Active Learning with Support Vector Machines.
Learning to rank: from pairwise approach to listwise approach.
A Secure Routing Protocol for Ad Hoc Networks.
SSCH: slotted seeded channel hopping for capacity improvement in IEEE 802.11 ad-hoc wireless networks.
Impact of Radio Irregularity on Wireless Sensor Networks.
Power Aware Page Allocation.
End-to-End Packet Delay and Loss Behavior in the Internet.
The impact of DHT routing geometry on resilience and proximity.
Artificial evolution for computer graphics.
Energy Efficient Indexing on Air.
Building Efficient Wireless Sensor Networks with Low-Level Naming.
Near Neighbor Search in Large Metric Spaces.
Efficient Query Evaluation on Probabilistic Databases.
Query Processing in Spatial Network Databases.
Acme: an architecture description interchange language.
Service-Oriented Computing: State of the Art and Research Challenges.
Improved Use of Continuous Attributes in C4.5
Direct anonymous attestation.
Combining Convergence and Diversity in Evolutionary Multiobjective Optimization.
How do people manage their digital photographs?
The Complexity of Probabilistic Verification.
Simplify: a theorem prover for program checking.
Using dual approximation algorithms for scheduling problems theoretical and practical results.
The FF Planning System: Fast Plan Generation Through Heuristic Search.
An approximation algorithm for the generalized assignment problem.
Understanding Quality in Conceptual Modeling.
Building Real-Time Groupware with GroupKit, a Groupware Toolkit.
Caching in the Sprite Network File System.
Photographic tone reproduction for digital images.
Probabilistic models of information retrieval based on measuring the divergence from randomness.
A Critique of Software Defect Prediction Models.
Edgebreaker: Connectivity Compression for Triangle Meshes.
The LSD Broadcast Encryption Scheme.
GPS-Free Positioning in Mobile ad-hoc Networks.
Robot vision.
Logic Programs with Classical Negation.
FreeSpan: frequent pattern-projected sequential pattern mining.
Secure program execution via dynamic information flow tracking.
Comparing the Galois Connection and Widening/Narrowing Approaches to Abstract Interpretation.
Answering Recursive Queries Using Views.
End-to-end Internet Packet Dynamics.
Extended free-form deformation: a sculpturing tool for 3D geometric modeling.
Fast Computation of Generalized Voronoi Diagrams Using Graphics Hardware.
Accurate Estimation of the Number of Tuples Satisfying a Condition.
A Low-Bandwidth Network File System.
WaveCluster: A Multi-Resolution Clustering Approach for Very Large Spatial Databases.
Three-Dimensional Object Recognition from Single Two-Dimensional Images.
Modeling Visual Attention via Selective Tuning.
The SDSC storage resource broker.
An Optimal Algorithm for Mutual Exclusion in Computer Networks.
The Cray-1 Computer System.
The Hearsay-II Speech-Understanding System: Integrating Knowledge to Resolve Uncertainty.
A new point matching algorithm for non-rigid registration.
Optimistic Protocols for Fair Exchange.
Improved Use of Continuous Attributes in C4.5.
Designing Reliable Systems from Unreliable Components: The Challenges of Transistor Variability and Degradation.
Simple Statistical Gradient-Following Algorithms for Connectionist Reinforcement Learning.
An Optimal Graph Theoretic Approach to Data Clustering: Theory and Its Application to Image Segmentation.
Synthesizing Third Normal Form Relations from Functional Dependencies.
Sparse matrix solvers on the GPU: conjugate gradients and multigrid.
Performance Guarantees for Web Server End-Systems: A Control-Theoretical Approach.
The Security of Cipher Block Chaining.
A Digital Signature Based on a Conventional Encryption Function.
Integrating Multiple Knowledge Sources to Disambiguate Word Sense: An Exemplar-Based Approach.
Splitting a Logic Program.
Memory Resource Management in VMware ESX Server.
Pointer analysis: haven't we solved this problem yet?
Architectural Support for Copy and Tamper Resistant Software.
The Essence of Compiling with Continuations.
McRT-STM: a high performance software transactional memory system for a multi-core runtime.
CarTel: a distributed mobile sensor computing system.
Passage-Level Evidence in Document Retrieval.
Using WordNet to Disambiguate Word Senses for Text Retrieval.
CLASSIC: A Structural Data Model for Objects.
Your Mediators Need Data Conversion!
The Structure-Mapping Engine: Algorithm and Examples.
Texture and Reflection in Computer Generated Images.
A Database Perspective on Knowledge Discovery.
Condor-G: A Computation Management Agent for Multi-Institutional Grids.
The Persona Effect: Affective Impact of Animated Pedagogical Agents.
A Framework for Learning Predictive Structures from Multiple Tasks and Unlabeled Data.
The Markov-Modulated Poisson Process (MMPP) Cookbook.
End-to-end routing behavior in the Internet.
Building Knowledge through Families of Experiments.
Formal Verification for Fault-Tolerant Architectures: Prolegomena to the Design of PVS.
Typestate: A Programming Language Concept for Enhancing Software Reliability.
Simplifying and Isolating Failure-Inducing Input.
TIMBER: A native XML database.
An Empirical Study of Smoothing Techniques for Language Modeling.
Heuristics for Scheduling Parameter Sweep Applications in Grid Environments.
Performance guarantees in communication networks.
Impact of Network Density on Data Aggregation in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Cellular automata machines - a new environment for modeling.
Design patterns for object-oriented software development.
Power provisioning for a warehouse-sized computer.
Interactive deduplication using active learning.
Factorization meets the neighborhood: a multifaceted collaborative filtering model.
General Decidability Theorems for Infinite-State Systems.
Trace Cache: A Low Latency Approach to High Bandwidth Instruction Fetching.
Adding trace matching with free variables to AspectJ.
Petal: Distributed Virtual Disks.
Scalable statistical bug isolation.
Atomizer: a dynamic atomicity checker for multithreaded programs.
SIA: secure information aggregation in sensor networks.
Synthesizing natural textures.
Bidding and allocation in combinatorial auctions.
Using Statistical Testing in the Evaluation of Retrieval Experiments.
Finding Generalized Projected Clusters In High Dimensional Spaces.
2Q: A Low Overhead High Performance Buffer Management Replacement Algorithm.
Knowledge-Based Augmented Reality.
Planar Point Location Using Persistent Search Trees.
Retrieving Collocations from Text: Xtract.
Self-Organization and Identification of Web Communities.
Introduction to the CoNLL-2003 Shared Task: Language-Independent Named Entity Recognition
MPICH-G2: A Grid-Enabled Implementation of the Message Passing Interface
Direct chosen ciphertext security from identity-based techniques.
PRESENT: An Ultra-Lightweight Block Cipher.
Contour and Texture Analysis for Image Segmentation.
Graph minors. X. Obstructions to tree-decomposition.
Social Cognitive Theory and Individual Reactions to Computing Technology: A Longitudinal Study.
Limits on Super-Resolution and How to Break Them.
Recognizing Imprecisely Localized, Partially Occluded, and Expression Variant Faces from a Single Sample per Class.
The HumanID Gait Challenge Problem: Data Sets, Performance, and Analysis.
A Practical Zero-Knowledge Protocol Fitted to Security Microprocessor Minimizing Both Transmission and Memory.
A Computational Model of Trust and Reputation for E-businesses.
Hybrid Automata: An Algorithmic Approach to the Specification and Verification of Hybrid Systems.
Cryptanalysis of Block Ciphers with Overdefined Systems of Equations.
Requirements engineering: a roadmap.
YALE: rapid prototyping for complex data mining tasks.
An Improved Data Stream Summary: The Count-Min Sketch and Its Applications.
Limits of Instruction-Level Parallelism.
An Adaptive Query Execution System for Data Integration.
An Automata-Theoretic Approach to Linear Temporal Logic.
Virtualizing I/O Devices on VMware Workstation's Hosted Virtual Machine Monitor.
Computing Iceberg Queries Efficiently.
Hilbert R-tree: An Improved R-tree using Fractals.
Analysis and Performance of Inverted Data Base Structures.
The blocker tag: selective blocking of RFID tags for consumer privacy.
A Parametric Texture Model Based on Joint Statistics of Complex Wavelet Coefficients.
LabelMe: A Database and Web-Based Tool for Image Annotation.
Feature extraction from faces using deformable templates.
The particle swarm optimization algorithm: convergence analysis and parameter selection.
The random oracle methodology, revisited.
MPICH-G2: A Grid-enabled implementation of the Message Passing Interface.
Theoretical and Empirical Analysis of ReliefF and RReliefF.
MultiBoosting: A Technique for Combining Boosting and Wagging.
A Fast Learning Algorithm for Deep Belief Nets.
Topology representing networks.
An open graph visualization system and its applications to software engineering.
Reliable Broadcast Protocols
On Optimizing an SQL-like Nested Query.
Chromium: a stream-processing framework for interactive rendering on clusters.
High-quality video view interpolation using a layered representation.
Empirically derived analytic models of wide-area TCP connections.
Statistical Decision-Tree Models for Parsing.
Rectangle-packing-based module placement.
Concurrent constraint programming.
A Practical Part-of-Speech Tagger.
A Framework for Reducing the Cost of Instrumented Code.
Efficient and Precise Datarace Detection for Multithreaded Object-Oriented Programs.
Polymorphic Effect Systems.
Scalable High Speed IP Routing Lookups.
Animating human athletics.
Web-a-where: geotagging web content.
Winnowing: Local Algorithms for Document Fingerprinting.
Efficient and Extensible Algorithms for Multi Query Optimization.
Performance debugging for distributed systems of black boxes.
Parallelism in Random Access Machines
Hippocratic Databases.
A Logical Framework for Default Reasoning.
A Nonrecursive List Compacting Algorithm
Evaluating ontological decisions with OntoClean.
Data Parallel Algorithms.
The Parallel Execution of DO Loops.
Skip Graphs
Tarzan: a peer-to-peer anonymizing network layer.
Combinatorial Auctions: A Survey.
Linear Programming in Linear Time When the Dimension Is Fixed.
Factorial Hidden Markov Models.
High Speed Switch Scheduling for Local Area Networks.
Conjoining Specifications.
Automated Software Test Data Generation.
A signal analysis of network traffic anomalies.
Query by Humming: Musical Information Retrieval in an Audio Database.
Characterizing the capacity region in multi-radio multi-channel wireless mesh networks.
Achieving MAC layer fairness in wireless packet networks.
Wake on wireless: : an event driven energy saving strategy for battery operated devices.
Physical layer driven protocol and algorithm design for energy-efficient wireless sensor networks.
A Framework for Multiple-Instance Learning.
On a network creation game.
Simple, Fast, and Practical Non-Blocking and Blocking Concurrent Queue Algorithms.
On the Decidability of Query Containment under Constraints.
The NIST model for role-based access control: towards a unified standard.
A rapid hierarchical radiosity algorithm.
Automated Generation and Analysis of Attack Graphs.
A Public-Key Cryptosystem with Worst-Case/Average-Case Equivalence.
The Evolution of the Web and Implications for an Incremental Crawler.
A web-based kernel function for measuring the similarity of short text snippets.
Enhancement Schemes for Constraint Processing: Backjumping, Learning, and Cutset Decomposition.
Controlling Cooperative Problem Solving in Industrial Multi-Agent Systems Using Joint Intentions.
A New Approach to Text Searching.
Hierarchical Geometric Models for Visible Surface Algorithms.
Composing User Interfaces with InterViews.
A New Statistical Parser Based on Bigram Lexical Dependencies
Silk from a Sow's Ear: Extracting Usable Structures from the Web.
A Trainable System for Object Detection.
The Hierarchical Hidden Markov Model: Analysis and Applications.
A Comparison of Prediction Accuracy, Complexity, and Training Time of Thirty-Three Old and New Classification Algorithms.
Independent Component Analysis Using an Extended Infomax Algorithm for Mixed Sub-Gaussian and Super-Gaussian Sources.
Structural Matching in Computer Vision Using Probabilistic Relaxation.
Coding, Analysis, Interpretation, and Recognition of Facial Expressions.
Recognizing Action Units for Facial Expression Analysis.
MonoSLAM: Real-Time Single Camera SLAM.
The Nonstochastic Multiarmed Bandit Problem.
Noninteractive Zero-Knowledge.
On the Complexity of VLSI Implementations and Graph Representations of Boolean Functions with Application to Integer Multiplication.
Grid Coverage for Surveillance and Target Location in Distributed Sensor Networks.
The Specification and Enforcement of Authorization Constraints in Workflow Management Systems.
A Review and Taxonomy of Distortion-Oriented Presentation Techniques.
Efficient Locking for Concurrent Operations on B-Trees.
Octrees for Faster Isosurface Generation.
Specification Matching of Software Components.
Dominating Sets and Neighbor Elimination-Based Broadcasting Algorithms in Wireless Networks.
Pricing via Processing or Combatting Junk Mail.
Power Considerations in the Design of the Alpha 21264 Microprocessor.
New Ranking Algorithms for Parsing and Tagging: Kernels over Discrete Structures, and the Voted Perceptron.
Beyond Accuracy: What Data Quality Means to Data Consumers.
Avrora: scalable sensor network simulation with precise timing.
Exceeding the Dataflow Limit via Value Prediction.
The quest for security in mobile ad hoc networks.
TAG: A Tiny AGgregation Service for Ad-Hoc Sensor Networks.
Semistructured Data.
Simplification Envelopes.
Internet traffic classification using bayesian analysis techniques.
Outlier Detection for High Dimensional Data.
Monitoring Streams - A New Class of Data Management Applications.
Approximate String Joins in a Database (Almost) for Free.
Finding high-quality content in social media.
Diversifying search results.
Coalition Structure Generation with Worst Case Guarantees.
Grapevine: An Exercise in Distributed Computing.
The Productivity Paradox of Information Technology.
Compiling Fortran D for MIMD Distributed Memory Machines.
Parallel Programming with Polaris.
Privacy and security in library RFID: issues, practices, and architectures.
Why phishing works.
Feature-based survey of model transformation approaches.
Content-Based Classification, Search, and Retrieval of Audio.
Geodesic Active Regions and Level Set Methods for Supervised Texture Segmentation.
How people revisit web pages: empirical findings and implications for the design of history systems.
How to use expert advice.
Example-Based Object Detection in Images by Components.
Estimation of Planar Curves, Surfaces, and Nonplanar Space Curves Defined by Implicit Equations with Applications to Edge and Range Image Segmentation.
Using GPS to learn significant locations and predict movement across multiple users.
The Pragmatics of Model-Driven Development.
Clock Skew Optimization.
A Fast Mutual Exclusion Algorithm.
Robust treatment of collisions, contact and friction for cloth animation.
An Introduction to Spatial Database Systems
A Survey of Energy Efficient Network Protocols for Wireless Networks.
EXPRESSION: A Language for Architecture Exploration through Compiler/Simulator Retargetability.
Measures of Distributional Similarity.
Improving Text Classification by Shrinkage in a Hierarchy of Classes.
QuickSet: Multimodal Interaction for Distributed Applications.
EEL: Machine-Independent Executable Editing.
Pizza into Java: Translating Theory into Practice.
-Stateless Fair Queueing: Achieving Approximately Fair Bandwidth Allocations in High Speed Networks.
Painterly Rendering with Curved Brush Strokes of Multiple Sizes.
Hierarchical splatting: a progressive refinement algorithm for volume rendering.
Robust and Efficient Fuzzy Match for Online Data Cleaning.
Low Cost Attacks on Tamper Resistant Devices.
Trading Group Theory for Randomness
On Indefinite Databases and the Closed World Assumption.
On the Logic of Iterated Belief Revision.
Mbone: The Multicast Backbone.
Wireless sensor network survey.
An Empirical Study of Smoothing Techniques for Language Modeling
What Every Computer Scientist Should Know About Floating-Point Arithmetic.
Property Preserving Abstractions for the Verification of Concurrent Systems.
Filters, Random Fields and Maximum Entropy (FRAME): Towards a Unified Theory for Texture Modeling.
Findings from Observational Studies of Collaborative Work.
Rules in Incomplete Information Systems.
Tractable Reasoning and Efficient Query Answering in Description Logics: The Family.
A reference ontology for biomedical informatics: the Foundational Model of Anatomy.
Arthur-Merlin Games: A Randomized Proof System, and a Hierarchy of Complexity Classes.
Mining with rarity: a unifying framework.
Clustering Data Streams: Theory and Practice.
Motion texture: a two-level statistical model for character motion synthesis.
Incorporating contextual information in recommender systems using a multidimensional approach.
Web mining for web personalization.
Guardians and Actions: Linguistic Support for Robust, Distributed Programs.
Solving Shape-Analysis Problems in Languages with Destructive Updating.
Automated Consistency Checking of Requirements Specifications.
A Survey of Software Refactoring.
Prioritizing Test Cases For Regression Testing.
A survey of power estimation techniques in VLSI circuits.
Lx: a technology platform for customizable VLIW embedded processing.
An Efficient Method of Computing Static Single Assignment Form.
Understanding BGP misconfiguration.
Evolving virtual creatures.
Viewing Morphology as an Inference Process.
LDA-based document models for ad-hoc retrieval.
Spatial Query Processing in an Object-Oriented Database System.
Timing Assumptions and Verification of Finite-State Concurrent Systems.
Automatic Video Indexing and Full-Video Search for Object Appearances.
Composite Events for Active Databases: Semantics, Contexts and Detection.
A Fast Index for Semistructured Data.
The coverage problem in a wireless sensor network.
Verifying Properties of Parallel Programs: An Axiomatic Approach.
Sketching Interfaces: Toward More Human Interface Design.
Garnet: Comprehensive Support for Graphical, Highly Interactive User Interfaces.
Tango: A Framework and System for Algorithm Animation.
Logic and Databases: A Deductive Approach.
A Calculus for Cryptographic Protocols: The Spi Calculus.
Dynamic Queries for Information Exploration: An Implementation and Evaluation.
A Theory of Shape by Space Carving.
Fuzzy Cognitive Maps.
A Logic for Uncertain Probabilities.
Using Semi-Joins to Solve Relational Queries.
Speed is as powerful as clairvoyance.
Real-Time American Sign Language Recognition Using Desk and Wearable Computer Based Video.
KPCA Plus LDA: A Complete Kernel Fisher Discriminant Framework for Feature Extraction and Recognition.
Silhouette Analysis-Based Gait Recognition for Human Identification.
Past, present, and future of user interface software tools.
Web Site Usability, Design, and Performance Metrics.
A Comparison and Evaluation of Multi-View Stereo Reconstruction Algorithms.
A new algorithm for floorplan design.
Algebraic Attacks on Stream Ciphers with Linear Feedback.
A view of cloud computing.
Gradient Flows and Geometric Active Contour Models.
Effective Bandwidth of General Markovian Traffic Sources and Admission Control of High Speed Networks.
Mining Association Rules with Multiple Minimum Supports.
Generating non-redundant association rules.
Chunking with Support Vector Machines.
An adaptive, non-uniform cache structure for wire-delay dominated on-chip caches.
Parametric Shape Analysis via 3-Valued Logic.
X-MAC: a short preamble MAC protocol for duty-cycled wireless sensor networks.
Differentiated surveillance for sensor networks.
On the Self-Similar Nature of Ethernet Traffic.
A muscle model for animation three-dimensional facial expression.
Checking Computations in Polylogarithmic Time
The complex dynamics of collaborative tagging.
A Mathematical Treatment of Defeasible Reasoning and its Implementation.
An Evaluation of Retrieval Effectiveness for a Full-Text Document-Retrieval System.
Operating System Support for Database Management.
Efficient and Extensible Algorithms for Multi Query Optimization
Version Models for Software Configuration Management.
Updating and Querying Databases that Track Mobile Units.
Squeeze Me, Hold Me, Tilt Me! An Exploration of Manipulative User Interfaces.
Autoepistemic Logic.
Small Sample Size Effects in Statistical Pattern Recognition: Recommendations for Practitioners.
Data management and transfer in high-performance computational grid environments.
Small-Bias Probability Spaces: Efficient Constructions and Applications.
A survey on tree edit distance and related problems.
Animation and rendering of complex water surfaces.
Structural Analysis of Hypertexts: Identifying Hierarchies and Useful Metrics.
A service-oriented middleware for building context-aware services.
Fair Computation of General Functions in Presence of Immoral Majority.
DBpedia - A crystallization point for the Web of Data.
FOIL: A Midterm Report.
Learning Accurate, Compact, and Interpretable Tree Annotation.
The Globus Project: A Status Report.
A Hierarchical Approach to Wrapper Induction.
Probabilistic reasoning in intelligent systems - networks of plausible inference.
Adding Structure to Unstructured Data.
AllelesLociand the Traveling Salesman Problem.
Multiagent Reinforcement Learning: Theoretical Framework and an Algorithm.
Argumentation-based negotiation.
Letizia: An Agent That Assists Web Browsing.
Visualizing the non-visual: spatial analysis and interaction with information from text documents.
Test input generation with java PathFinder.
Razor: A Low-Power Pipeline Based on Circuit-Level Timing Speculation.
TCP westwood: Bandwidth estimation for enhanced transport over wireless links.
Exposure in wireless Ad-Hoc sensor networks.
An Architecture for Privacy-Sensitive Ubiquitous Computing.
Non-Projective Dependency Parsing using Spanning Tree Algorithms.
Unification-based pointer analysis with directional assignments.
An effective on-chip preloading scheme to reduce data access penalty.
Summary Cache: A Scalable Wide-Area Web Cache Sharing Protocol.
Immunizing online reputation reporting systems against unfair ratings and discriminatory behavior.
Summarizing Text Documents: Sentence Selection and Evaluation Metrics.
Novelty and diversity in information retrieval evaluation.
Query Caching and Optimization in Distributed Mediator Systems.
A Complete Axiomatization for Functional and Multivalued Dependencies in Database Relations.
Change Detection in Hierarchically Structured Information.
Flexible Update Propagation for Weakly Consistent Replication.
Ranking in Spatial Databases.
Discovery of Spatial Association Rules in Geographic Information Databases.
Generalized Search Trees for Database Systems.
IEPAD: information extraction based on pattern discovery.
An Algorithm for Planning Collision-Free Paths Among Polyhedral Obstacles.
All from One, One for All: on Model Checking Using Representatives.
Three-Dimensional Object Recognition.
The Recovery Manager of the System R Database Manager.
Distributed Intelligent Agents.
EigenTracking: Robust Matching and Tracking of Articulated Objects Using a View-Based Representation.
The Second Text Retrieval Conference (TREC-2).
Inference of Reversible Languages.
Decoding of Reed Solomon Codes beyond the Error-Correction Bound.
Theory of Generalized Annotated Logic Programming and its Applications.
NVIDIA Tesla: A Unified Graphics and Computing Architecture.
Personal Computing Acceptance Factors in Small Firms: A Structural Equation Model.
The Node Distribution of the Random Waypoint Mobility Model for Wireless Ad Hoc Networks.
A simple algorithm for finding frequent elements in streams and bags.
Join Processing in Database Systems with Large Main Memories.
A Component- and Message-Based Architectural Style for GUI Software.
Mobile users: to update or not to update?
The Measurement of Web-Customer Satisfaction: An Expectation and Disconfirmation Approach.
CiteSeer: An Automatic Citation Indexing System.
Using Orientation Information for Qualitative Spatial Reasoning.
Testing Unconstrained Optimization Software.
Learning Object Categories from Google's Image Search.
Locating causes of program failures.
Trust in recommender systems.
Energy-Efficient Surveillance System Using Wireless Sensor Networks.
Scheduling for Reduced CPU Energy.
Data Speculation Support for a Chip Multiprocessor.
Efficient Detection of All Pointer and Array Access Errors.
The End-to-End Effects of Internet Path Selection.
Expert Network: Effective and Efficient Learning from Human Decisions in Text Categorization and Retrieval.
k-means++: the advantages of careful seeding.
The program-size complexity of self-assembled squares (extended abstract).
Catching the boat with Strudel: experiences with a Web Site management system.
Unsupervised named-entity extraction from the Web: An experimental study.
Learning Metric-Topological Maps for Indoor Mobile Robot Navigation.
Discretization: An Enabling Technique.
Design requirements for technologies that encourage physical activity.
Getting a grip on tangible interaction: a framework on physical space and social interaction.
Classroom 2000: An Experiment with the Instrumentation of a Living Educational Environment.
Enhancing security and privacy in biometrics-based authentication systems.
Manual and Gaze Input Cascaded (MAGIC) Pointing.
Solving SAT and SAT Modulo Theories: From an abstract Davis--Putnam--Logemann--Loveland procedure to DPLL().
The Weil Pairing, and Its Efficient Calculation.
Machine Learning for the Detection of Oil Spills in Satellite Radar Images.
Segmentation through Variable-Order Surface Fitting.
A Method for Enforcing Integrability in Shape from Shading Algorithms.
An Experimental Comparison of Range Image Segmentation Algorithms.
Discriminant Adaptive Nearest Neighbor Classification.
Recognition of Shapes by Editing Their Shock Graphs.
Classifying the Complexity of Constraints Using Finite Algebras.
Connecting Tools Using Message Passing in the Field Environment.
Effective bandwidth of general Markovian traffic sources and admission control of high speed networks.
Abstract Types Have Existential Type.
Utilization, Predictability, Workloads, and User Runtime Estimates in Scheduling the IBM SP2 with Backfilling.
Information Visualization and Visual Data Mining.
Real Time Groupware as a Distributed System: Concurrency Control and Its Effect on the Interface.
Freenet: A Distributed Anonymous Information Storage and Retrieval System.
Systematic Hypermedia Application Design with OOHDM.
Discovering Frequent Closed Itemsets for Association Rules.
Key Agreement Protocols and Their Security Analysis.
Analytical energy dissipation models for low-power caches.
CLOSET+: searching for the best strategies for mining frequent closed itemsets.
Localization for mobile sensor networks.
Experiences of developing and deploying a context-aware tourist guide: the GUIDE project.
Logics and Models of Real Time: A Survey.
Enabling conferencing applications on the internet using an overlay muilticast architecture.
Skyscraper Broadcasting: A New Broadcasting Scheme for Metropolitan Video-on-Demand Systems.
Traffic matrix estimation: existing techniques and new directions.
Multiresolution Signal Processing for Meshes.
Rendering fur with three dimensional textures.
Integration of Heterogeneous Databases Without Common Domains Using Queries Based on Textual Similarity.
Reasoning about Binary Topological Relations.
Chimera: AVirtual Data System for Representing, Querying, and Automating Data Derivation.
Tilting Operations for Small Screen Interfaces.
Using Schema Matching to Simplify Heterogeneous Data Translation.
Heuristic Classification.
The Complexity of Some Polynomial Network Consistency Algorithms for Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Implementing Faceted Classification for Software Reuse.
Exception Handling: Issues and a Proposed Notation.
Getting started with ASPECTJ.
Measures of Distributional Similarity
The state of the art in automating usability evaluation of user interfaces.
On Sparse Spanners of Weighted Graphs.
Phrase sets for evaluating text entry techniques.
Overview of the Second Text Retrieval Conference (TREC-2).
Differential Cryptanalysis of DES-like Cryptosystems.
Efficient Color Histogram Indexing for Quadratic Form Distance Functions.
Support Vector Machines for 3D Object Recognition.
Pegasus: A framework for mapping complex scientific workflows onto distributed systems.
Learning from Notes: Organizational Issues in Groupware Implementation.
The Theory of Joins in Relational Databases.
On Semantic Issues Connected with Incomplete Information Databases.
Subtyping Recursive Types.
Quantitative Analysis of Faults and Failures in a Complex Software System.
Territoriality in collaborative tabletop workspaces.
Matrix Factorization Techniques for Recommender Systems.
Camera Self-Calibration: Theory and Experiments.
Segmentation using Eigenvectors: A Unifying View.
Lambda-My-Calculus: An Algorithmic Interpretation of Classical Natural Deduction.
Is it a Tree, a DAG, or a Cyclic Graph? A Shape Analysis for Heap-Directed Pointers in C.
Experience Prototyping.
Fast multiresolution image querying.
Formal models for expert finding in enterprise corpora.
Reference Reconciliation in Complex Information Spaces.
Range Queries in OLAP Data Cubes.
The price of anarchy of finite congestion games.
Nonmonotonic causal theories.
Characterizing Diagnoses and Systems.
Combining Horn Rules and Description Logics in CARIN.
Situated Information Spaces and Spatially Aware Palmtop Computers.
PlanetLab: an overlay testbed for broad-coverage services.
Controlling high bandwidth aggregates in the network.
Smart Dust: Communicating with a Cubic-Millimeter Computer.
The complexity of computing a Nash equilibrium
Template Attacks.
The WebBook and the Web Forager: An Information Workspace for the World-Wide Web.
CCS Expressions, Finite State Processes, and Three Problems of Equivalence
A Comparison of Reading Paper and On-Line Documents.
The Budgeted Maximum Coverage Problem.
Fast Decision Procedures Based on Congruence Closure.
Competitive Paging Algorithms.
On the Complexity of the Parity Argument and Other Inefficient Proofs of Existence.
Creation of Favorable User Perceptions: Exploring the Role of Intrinsic Motivation.
Random Walks for Image Segmentation.
A survey of content-based image retrieval with high-level semantics.
Continual Queries for Internet Scale Event-Driven Information Delivery.
Gossip-based aggregation in large dynamic networks.
Suggestive contours for conveying shape.
Rooms: The Use of Multiple Virtual Workspaces to Reduce Space Contention in a Window-Based Graphical User Interface.
Specifying Concurrent Program Modules.
Deadlock-Free Adaptive Routing in Multicomputer Networks Using Virtual Channels.
Predicting Fault Incidence Using Software Change History.
Estimation of Average Switching Activity in Combinational and Sequential Circuits.
The Volcano Optimizer Generator: Extensibility and Efficient Search.
Using Cache Memory to Reduce Processor-Memory Traffic
Real world performance of association rule algorithms.
Application-Level Multicast Using Content-Addressable Networks.
Ontology Based Context Modeling and Reasoning using OWL.
TIL: A Type-Directed Optimizing Compiler for ML.
The Ponder Policy Specification Language.
High-Speed Policy-Based Packet Forwarding Using Efficient Multi-Dimensional Range Matching.
A Hierarchical Approach to Interactive Motion Editing for Human-Like Figures.
Interactive multiresolution mesh editing.
XIRQL: A Query Language for Information Retrieval in XML Documents.
Adaptive Filters for Continuous Queries over Distributed Data Streams.
Visibly pushdown languages.
Lossy trapdoor functions and their applications.
Aggregate-Query Processing in Data Warehousing Environments.
Query Optimization for XML.
Automatic identification of user goals in Web search.
What's new on the web?: the evolution of the web from a search engine perspective.
Clustering user queries of a search engine.
The Emerging Role of Electronic Marketplaces on the Internet.
Why Interaction Is More Powerful Than Algorithms.
Statistical Decision-Tree Models for Parsing
Introduction to the CoNLL-2000 Shared Task: Chunking
The Operational Analysis of Queueing Network Models.
Comparative Models of the File Assignment Problem.
XML document security based on provisional authorization.
Knowledge Processes and Ontologies.
Graphical Fisheye Views of Graphs.
An Attack on the Needham-Schroeder Public-Key Authentication Protocol.
Reasoning about Temporal Relations: A Maximal Tractable Subclass of Allen's Interval Algebra.
Intrusion Detection Using Sequences of System Calls.
Fair Cache Sharing and Partitioning in a Chip Multiprocessor Architecture.
Classifying Facial Actions.
Privacy Amplification by Public Discussion.
Probabilistic routing in intermittently connected networks.
Message Understanding Conference- 6: A Brief History.
Ant colony optimization theory: A survey.
A framework for constructing features and models for intrusion detection systems.
Hierarchical mesh decomposition using fuzzy clustering and cuts.
An Applicable Family of Data Flow Testing Criteria.
Generic User Modeling Systems.
A Conceptual and Operational Definition of Personal Innovativeness in the Domain of Information Technology.
WebMate: A Personal Agent for Browsing and Searching.
Revocation and Tracing Schemes for Stateless Receivers.
Some efficient solutions to the affine scheduling problem. I. One-dimensional time.
Refining Initial Points for K-Means Clustering.
Pegasos: Primal Estimated sub-GrAdient SOlver for SVM.
Contiki - A Lightweight and Flexible Operating System for Tiny Networked Sensors.
The challenge problem for automated detection of 101 semantic concepts in multimedia.
Worst-Case optimal and average-case efficient geometric ad-hoc routing.
SCRIBE: The Design of a Large-Scale Event Notification Infrastructure.
The Design and Implementation of a Certifying Compiler.
Detecting Equality of Variables in Programs.
Probabilistic Routing in Intermittently Connected Networks.
Poisson surface reconstruction.
Virtual Clock: A New Traffic Control Algorithm for Packet Switching Networks.
Paint by numbers: abstract image representations.
ORDPATHs: Insert-Friendly XML Node Labels.
Vigilante: end-to-end containment of internet worms.
Polygraph: Automatically Generating Signatures for Polymorphic Worms.
Intrusion Detection via Static Analysis.
Moving Objects Databases: Issues and Solutions.
Materialized Views Selection in a Multidimensional Database.
SemTag and seeker: bootstrapping the semantic web via automated semantic annotation.
Agent Programming in 3APL.
Indoor-Outdoor Image Classification.
Looking up data in P2P systems.
Computing as a Discipline.
Chabot: Retrieval from a Relational Database of Images.
Integrating Multiple Knowledge Sources to Disambiguate Word Sense: An Exemplar-Based Approach
Computer Processing of Line-Drawing Images.
A composable cryptographic library with nested operations.
Constraint solving for bounded-process cryptographic protocol analysis.
A verifiable secret shuffle and its application to e-voting.
Revocation and Tracing Schemes for Stateless Receivers
Electromagnetic Analysis: Concrete Results.
prefuse: a toolkit for interactive information visualization.
Algebraic Methods for Interactive Proof Systems.
An improved data stream summary: the count-min sketch and its applications.
Extracting Refined Rules from Knowledge-Based Neural Networks.
Recent approaches to global optimization problems through Particle Swarm Optimization.
Probabilistic Simulations for Probabilistic Processes.
A Stereo Matching Algorithm with an Adaptive Window: Theory and Experiment.
Acquiring Linear Subspaces for Face Recognition under Variable Lighting.
Unsupervised Feature Selection Using Feature Similarity.
The Complexity of Multiterminal Cuts.
Subspace clustering for high dimensional data: a review.
Effective Hardware Based Data Prefetching for High-Performance Processors.
The Revised Report on the Syntactic Theories of Sequential Control and State.
A Multiresolution Spline with Application to Image Mosaics.
A Probabilistic Relational Algebra for the Integration of Information Retrieval and Database Systems.
XDuce: A statically typed XML processing language.
Multicast routing for multimedia communication.
A resource estimation and call admission algorithm for wireless multimedia networks using the shadow cluster concept.
ICONDENSATION: Unifying Low-Level and High-Level Tracking in a Stochastic Framework.
Space-efficient Static Trees and Graphs
A Short Cut to Deforestation.
Automata, Logics, and Infinite Games: A Guide to Current Research [outcome of a Dagstuhl seminar, February 2001]
A General Framework for Object Detection.
Data Exchange: Semantics and Query Answering.
Scale-Based Description and Recognition of Planar Curves and Two-Dimensional Shapes.
Direct Anonymous Attestation.
More iteration space tiling.
Pruning and Summarizing the Discovered Associations.
Intercepting mobile communications: the insecurity of 802.11.
An Analysis of Internet Content Delivery Systems.
A type and effect system for atomicity.
A System and Language for Building System-Specific, Static Analyses.
A Core Calculus of Dependency.
From System F to Typed Assembly Language.
A Cooperative Coevolutionary Approach to Function Optimization.
Dynamic and Aggressive Scheduling Techniques for Power-Aware Real-Time Systems.
A Semantics of Multiple Inheritance.
Hierarchical Z-buffer visibility.
Real-time nonphotorealistic rendering.
Design galleries: a general approach to setting parameters for computer graphics and animation.
Relevance Feedback Revisited.
Continuous Queries over Append-Only Databases.
On the scale and performance of cooperative Web proxy caching.
Don't Scrap It, Wrap It! A Wrapper Architecture for Legacy Data Sources.
Anatomy: Simple and Effective Privacy Preservation.
Aura: an Architectural Framework for User Mobility in Ubiquitous Computing Environments.
Service-Oriented Computing: Concepts, Characteristics and Directions.
STRIPS: A New Approach to the Application of Theorem Proving to Problem Solving.
Methods for Task Allocation via Agent Coalition Formation.
KMS: A Distributed Hypermedia System for Managing Knowledge in Organizations.
Flow diagrams, turing machines and languages with only two formation rules.
Regular Expression Search Algorithm.
The Problem with Threads.
Inferring Decision Trees Using the Minimum Description Length Principle
DiamondSpin: an extensible toolkit for around-the-table interaction.
The perfect search engine is not enough: a study of orienteering behavior in directed search.
Centroid-based summarization of multiple documents.
Learning Algorithms for Keyphrase Extraction.
The Benefits of Relaxing Punctuality.
On Relevance, Probabilistic Indexing and Information Retrieval.
Containment and equivalence for a fragment of XPath.
A Fast and Simple Randomized Parallel Algorithm for the Maximal Independent Set Problem.
Specifying Real-Time Properties with Metric Temporal Logic.
Unbiased Bits from Sources of Weak Randomness and Probabilistic Communication Complexity.
Optimal Point Location in a Monotone Subdivision.
Access and Alignment of Data in an Array Processor.
Preference formulas in relational queries.
Differential Files: Their Application to the Maintenance of Large Databases.
Variational shape approximation.
Stochastic Sampling in Computer Graphics.
Simulating water and smoke with an octree data structure.
A game theoretic framework for bandwidth allocation and pricing in broadband networks.
Tentative Steps Toward a Development Method for Interfering Programs.
Constraint-Based Automatic Test Data Generation.
Requirements Specification for Process-Control Systems.
Improving reliable transport and handoff performance in cellular wireless networks.
A model for web services discovery with QoS.
Chosen Ciphertext Attacks Against Protocols Based on the RSA Encryption Standard PKCS #1.
A comparison of approaches to large-scale data analysis.
Operational Transformation in Real-Time Group Editors: Issues, Algorithms, and Achievements.
A Survey of Affect Recognition Methods: Audio, Visual, and Spontaneous Expressions.
Learning and Recognizing Human Dynamics in Video Sequences.
Statistical Timing Analysis for Intra-Die Process Variations with Spatial Correlations.
Protocol Verification as a Hardware Design Aid.
Information-based complexity.
A Touring Machine: Prototyping 3D Mobile Augmented Reality Systems for Exploring the Urban Environment.
On the minimum node degree and connectivity of a wireless multihop network.
Escape Analysis for Object-Oriented Languages: Application to Java.
Characterizing Reference Locality in the WWW.
Compiler-Based Prefetching for Recursive Data Structures.
On the decidability and complexity of query answering over inconsistent and incomplete databases.
I-COLLIDE: An Interactive and Exact Collision Detection System for Large-Scale Environments.
Rendering antialiased shadows with depth maps.
Visibility preprocessing for interactive walkthroughs.
Random walks on the click graph.
Catching the Boat with Strudel: Experiences with a Web-Site Management System.
Translating Web Data.
Quilt: An XML Query Language for Heterogeneous Data Sources.
Global Optimization by Suppression of Partial Redundancies.
WCA: A Weighted Clustering Algorithm for Mobile Ad Hoc Networks.
A Stubborn Attack On State Explosion.
A Technique for High-Performance Data Compression.
Upper bounds to the clique width of graphs.
A reputation-based approach for choosing reliable resources in peer-to-peer networks.
Beyond Fitts' Law: Models for Trajectory-Based HCI Tasks.
An automata-theoretic approach to branching-time model checking.
Strand Spaces: Proving Security Protocols Correct.
Least-Squares Policy Iteration.
Productivity, Business Profitability, and Consumer Surplus: Three Different Measures of Information Technology Value.
Learning Overcomplete Representations.
Using Dynamic Programming for Solving Variational Problems in Vision.
Neural-Network-Based Fuzzy Logic Control and Decision System.
Role-based authorization constraints specification.
An Information Retrieval Approach For Automatically Constructing Software Libraries.
The Number of Neighbors Needed for Connectivity of Wireless Networks.
Information-Based Objective Functions for Active Data Selection.
ElectroMagnetic Analysis (EMA): Measures and Counter-Measures for Smart Cards.
On the Approximability of Trade-offs and Optimal Access of Web Sources.
IBM computer usability satisfaction questionnaires: Psychometric evaluation and instructions for use.
Functional Reactive Animation.
LIME: Linda Meets Mobility.
The MIT Alewife Machine: Architecture and Performance.
The Predictability of Data Values.
Encapsulation and Inheritance in Object-Oriented Programming Languages.
Data-centric Multi-level Blocking.
Practical privacy: the SuLQ framework.
A Class of Data Structures for Associative Searching.
A real-time garbage collector with low overhead and consistent utilization.
Reflection and Semantics in Lisp.
Delayed internet routing convergence.
Subdivision Surfaces in Character Animation.
Feasibility of a serverless distributed file system deployed on an existing set of desktop PCs.
Covering indexes for branching path queries.
The power crust.
SPIRIT: Sequential Pattern Mining with Regular Expression Constraints.
Querying the Internet with PIER.
Foundations of Preferences in Database Systems.
On the bursty evolution of blogspace.
ASSAT: computing answer sets of a logic program by SAT solvers.
A line in the sand: a wireless sensor network for target detection, classification, and tracking.
Efficient Algorithms for Model Checking Pushdown Systems.
Mining the Web's Link Structure.
Real-world Data is Dirty: Data Cleansing and The Merge/Purge Problem.
An Overview of Evolutionary Algorithms for Parameter Optimization.
Predictive Models for the Breeder Genetic Algorithm, I: Continuous Parameter Optimization.
A Semantics of Multiple Inheritance
Relational Queries Computable in Polynomial Time
Automatic Application-Specific Instruction-Set Extensions Under Microarchitectural Constraints.
Generalized fuzzy rough sets.
Quantum lower bounds by polynomials.
The Organization of Computations for Uniform Recurrence Equations.
Constant Depth Circuits, Fourier Transform, and Learnability.
A Lower Bound for Radio Broadcast.
Explanation-Based Learning: An Alternative View.
Advances in Computational Stereo.
Automatic Interpretation and Coding of Face Images Using Flexible Models.
A Multiple-Baseline Stereo.
Matching Hierarchical Structures Using Association Graphs.
Personal Identification Based on Iris Texture Analysis.
Minimum error thresholding.
On Embedding a Graph in the Grid with the Minimum Number of Bends.
A Hierarchy of Polynomial Time Lattice Basis Reduction Algorithms.
The Management of Probabilistic Data.
Analysis of the Clustering Properties of the Hilbert Space-Filling Curve.
A butterfly subdivision scheme for surface interpolation with tension control.
Seam carving for content-aware image resizing.
Proving Liveness Properties of Concurrent Programs.
A Safe, Efficient Regression Test Selection Technique.
Data Gathering Algorithms in Sensor Networks Using Energy Metrics.
Hypertool: A Programming Aid for Message-Passing Systems.
Safety Analysis of Timing Properties in Real-Time Systems.
Exploring the role of visualization and engagement in computer science education.
Elliptical Head Tracking Using Intensity Gradients and Color Histograms.
Power Conscious Fixed Priority Scheduling for Hard Real-Time Systems.
Designated Verifier Proofs and Their Applications.
Finding Parts in Very Large Corpora.
Efficient Trace and Revoke Schemes.
Optimal Suffix Tree Construction with Large Alphabets.
DRAGON2000: Standard-Cell Placement Tool for Large Industry Circuits.
Fast Pose Estimation with Parameter-Sensitive Hashing.
Bundle Adjustment - A Modern Synthesis.
A support vector method for multivariate performance measures.
Self-Managed Systems: an Architectural Challenge.
Discovering word senses from text.
Multi-Stage Programming with Explicit Annotations.
Translation validation for an optimizing compiler.
Efficient Management of Transitive Relationships in Large Data and Knowledge Bases.
Mixminion: Design of a Type III Anonymous Remailer Protocol.
Inductive Definitions in the system Coq - Rules and Properties.
Benchmarking Database Systems A Systematic Approach.
RQL: a declarative query language for RDF.
Detecting spam web pages through content analysis.
Coalitions Among Computationally Bounded Agents.
Multidimensional Divide-and-Conquer.
Understanding Fault-Tolerant Distributed Systems.
The Cave - Audio Visual Experience Automatic Virtual Environment.
SIMULA - an ALGOL-based simulation language.
MOCHA: Modularity in Model Checking.
PCFG Models of Linguistic Tree Representations.
Tagging English Text with a Probabilistic Model.
Multicomputers: Message-Passing Concurrent Computers.
Improving resolution by image registration.
A note on the gradient of a multi-image.
Code red worm propagation modeling and analysis.
Bounded Model Checking Using Satisfiability Solving.
Full Abstraction for PCF.
A Social Mechanism of Reputation Management in Electronic Communities.
Scheduling Multithreaded Computations by Work Stealing.
Interactive Proofs and the Hardness of Approximating Cliques.
Algorithms for the Longest Common Subsequence Problem.
Vertical Handoffs in Wireless Overlay Networks.
Recognition of Visual Activities and Interactions by Stochastic Parsing.
Fitting Parameterized Three-Dimensional Models to Images.
Stereo Matching Using Belief Propagation.
A note on genetic algorithms for large-scale feature selection.
Data Caching Issues in an Information Retrieval System.
Mesh editing with poisson-based gradient field manipulation.
IDMaps: a global internet host distance estimation service.
Partition Testing Does Not Inspire Confidence.
Multi-camera Scene Reconstruction via Graph Cuts.
Foundations of Group Signatures: Formal Definitions, Simplified Requirements, and a Construction Based on General Assumptions.
Kernel Eigenfaces vs. Kernel Fisherfaces: Face Recognition Using Kernel Methods.
Decision Lists for Lexical Ambiguity Resolution: Application to Accent Restoration in Spanish and French.
Becoming Wikipedian: transformation of participation in a collaborative online encyclopedia.
At Home with Ubiquitous Computing: Seven Challenges.
Algebraic decision diagrams and their applications.
A Social Semantics for Agent Communication Languages.
Image Analysis Using Mathematical Morphology.
A Model for Asynchronous Reactive Systems and its Application to Secure Message Transmission.
Dynamic topic models.
Memory System Characterization of Commercial Workloads.
Transient fault detection via simultaneous multithreading.
A Comparison of Dynamic Branch Predictors that Use Two Levels of Branch History.
Memory hierarchy reconfiguration for energy and performance in general-purpose processor architectures.
Single-ISA Heterogeneous Multi-Core Architectures: The Potential for Processor Power Reduction.
Utility-Based Cache Partitioning: A Low-Overhead, High-Performance, Runtime Mechanism to Partition Shared Caches.
Dynamic partial-order reduction for model checking software.
Compiling Polymorphism Using Intensional Type Analysis.
P4p: provider portal for applications.
Non-linear approximation of reflectance functions.
Principles of traditional animation applied to 3D computer animation.
Advantages of Query Biased Summaries in Information Retrieval.
Balancing Push and Pull for Data Broadcast.
Nonblocking Commit Protocols.
ORBIT: an optimizing compiler for scheme.
Matching 3D Models with Shape Distributions.
Leases: An Efficient Fault-Tolerant Mechanism for Distributed File Cache Consistency.
Matrix Multiplication via Arithmetic Progressions
Robust Positioning Algorithms for Distributed Ad-Hoc Wireless Sensor Networks.
Bidirectional Expansion For Keyword Search on Graph Databases.
The webgraph framework I: compression techniques.
Can social bookmarking improve web search?
Using temporal logics to express search control knowledge for planning.
On Social Laws for Artificial Agent Societies: Off-Line Design.
A pattern approach to interaction design.
Multiagent Systems: A Survey from a Machine Learning Perspective.
A review of feature selection techniques in bioinformatics.
Totem: A Fault-Tolerant Multicast Group Communication System.
Web Services Orchestration and Choreography.
Genetic Algorithms: A Survey.
Reducing the Time Complexity of the Derandomized Evolution Strategy with Covariance Matrix Adaptation (CMA-ES).
Generating Finite-State Transducers for Semi-Structured Data Extraction from the Web.
Constructive and Algebraic Methods of the Theory of Rough Sets.
Reduction and axiomization of covering generalized rough sets.
Pattern Matching in Trees.
Equivalence of Relational Algebra and Relational Calculus Query Languages Having Aggregate Functions.
Rademacher and Gaussian Complexities: Risk Bounds and Structural Results.
An Eigendecomposition Approach to Weighted Graph Matching Problems.
Least-Squares Estimation of Transformation Parameters Between Two Point Patterns.
Average Case Complete Problems.
Interpreting the data: Parallel analysis with Sawzall.
Query Indexing and Velocity Constrained Indexing: Scalable Techniques for Continuous Queries on Moving Objects.
A Role-Based Access Control Model and Reference Implementation within a Corporate Intranet.
Style-based inverse kinematics.
Comparison between Genetic Algorithms and Particle Swarm Optimization.
Frequency Estimation of Internet Packet Streams with Limited Space.
Automating the Generation and Sequencing of Test Cases from Model-Based Specifications.
Improved Combinatorial Algorithms for the Facility Location and k-Median Problems.
On the Power of Quantum Finite State Automata.
Self-Calibration and Metric Reconstruction in Spite of Varying and Unknown Internal Camera Parameters.
Algorithms for random generation and counting - a Markov chain approach.
Very Long Instruction Word Architectures and the ELI-512
Empirical evaluation of the tarantula automatic fault-localization technique.
Cost-effective outbreak detection in networks.
A Model for the Prediction of R-tree Performance.
The size-change principle for program termination.
CODA: congestion detection and avoidance in sensor networks.
Sizing router buffers.
Unstructured lumigraph rendering.
Information retrieval system evaluation: effort, sensitivity, and reliability.
Join Synopses for Approximate Query Answering.
ViST: A Dynamic Index Method for Querying XML Data by Tree Structures.
On micro-Kernel Construction.
Translation Validation.
Equivalence and synthesis of causal models.
Efficient IR-Style Keyword Search over Relational Databases.
SEAD: Secure Efficient Distance Vector Routing for Mobile Wireless Ad Hoc Networks.
SEAD: secure efficient distance vector routing for mobile wireless ad hoc networks.
On the Hardness of Approximate Reasoning.
A note on reliable full-duplex transmission over half-duplex links.
Computer Immunology.
Synthesizing Constraint Expressions.
Andrew: A Distributed Personal Computing Environment.
Literate Programming.
Web search behavior of Internet experts and newbies.
Lattice-Based Access Control Models.
Density-Based Clustering in Spatial Databases: The Algorithm GDBSCAN and Its Applications.
Diffie-Hellman Key Distribution Extended to Group Communication.
On the Union of Jordan Regions and Collision-Free Translational Motion Amidst Polygonal Obstacles.
The Complexity of Mean Payoff Games on Graphs
Supporting Controlled Experimentation with Testing Techniques: An Infrastructure and its Potential Impact.
Computation of component image velocity from local phase information.
Edge Detection and Ridge Detection with Automatic Scale Selection.
``Direct Search'' Solution of Numerical and Statistical Problems.
LexRank: Graph-based Lexical Centrality as Salience in Text Summarization.
Partial Evaluation in Logic Programming.
Image Categorization by Learning and Reasoning with Regions.
One-Class SVMs for Document Classification.
PP is as Hard as the Polynomial-Time Hierarchy.
An Adaptive and Fault Tolerant Wormhole Routing Strategy for k-Ary n-Cubes.
An Approach for Measuring Semantic Similarity between Words Using Multiple Information Sources.
Self-Organized Public-Key Management for Mobile Ad Hoc Networks.
VirtualClock: A New Traffic Control Algorithm for Packet-Switched Networks.
System Level Concurrency Control for Distributed Database Systems.
Predicting the Location and Number of Faults in Large Software Systems.
Location-Aided Routing (LAR) in mobile ad hoc networks.
The Linear Time - Branching Time Spectrum II.
tagging, communities, vocabulary, evolution.
What Is the Goal of Sensory Coding?
FastSLAM: A Factored Solution to the Simultaneous Localization and Mapping Problem.
Assigning Program and Data Objects to Scratchpad for Energy Reduction.
Spectral Compression of Mesh Geometry.
Venti: A New Approach to Archival Storage.
Seeing Stars: Exploiting Class Relationships for Sentiment Categorization with Respect to Rating Scales.
Predicting Inter-Thread Cache Contention on a Chip Multi-Processor Architecture.
Neighborhood Preserving Embedding.
Space-time Interest Points.
Optimizing Regular Path Expressions Using Graph Schemas.
The multiflow trace scheduling compiler.
Support Vector Machine Active Learning with Application sto Text Classification.
A measurement study of available bandwidth estimation tools.
TEEN: ARouting Protocol for Enhanced Efficiency in Wireless Sensor Networks.
A Large Scale, Homogeneous, Fully Distributed Parallel Machine, I.
Testing embedded-core based system chips.
Trickle: A Self-Regulating Algorithm for Code Propagation and Maintenance in Wireless Sensor Networks (Awarded Best Paper!).
Automated Worm Fingerprinting.
Advanced contention management for dynamic software transactional memory.
Tutorial Notes on Partial Evaluation.
Optimization principles and application performance evaluation of a multithreaded GPU using CUDA.
Location-based pairwise key establishments for static sensor networks.
Modeling inelastic deformation: viscolelasticity, plasticity, fracture.
A ray tracing solution for diffuse interreflection.
SEQUEL: A Structured English Query Language.
Robust and Fast Similarity Search for Moving Object Trajectories.
Stream Processing of XPath Queries with Predicates.
Balancing Histogram Optimality and Practicality for Query Result Size Estimation.
External-Memory Graph Algorithms.
The Network Architecture of the Connection Machine CM-5 (Extended Abstract).
Autograph: Toward Automated, Distributed Worm Signature Detection.
QoS computation and policing in dynamic web service selection.
Web data extraction based on partial tree alignment.
A Survey of Outlier Detection Methodologies.
Approximation Algorithms for Connected Dominating Sets.
Designing games with a purpose.
Taverna: lessons in creating a workflow environment for the life sciences.
QoS Issues in Web Services.
A Proof Procedure for Data Dependencies.
Many Hard Examples for Resolution.
Heuristic Algorithms for Scheduling Independent Tasks on Nonidentical Processors.
Computational limitations on learning from examples.
Statistical Models for Text Segmentation.
Online Selection of Discriminative Tracking Features.
Software Risk Management: Principles and Practices.
OVID: Design and Implementation of a Video-Object Database System.
The space of human body shapes: reconstruction and parameterization from range scans.
Evaluating implicit measures to improve web search.
Principled design of the modern Web architecture.
Routing and wavelength assignment in all-optical networks.
Key Agreement in Dynamic Peer Groups.
Prudent Engineering Practice for Cryptographic Protocols.
A Rational Design Process: How and Why to Fake it.
Qualitative Methods in Empirical Studies of Software Engineering.
Meme-tracking and the dynamics of the news cycle.
Collaboration Using Multiple PDAs Connected to a PC.
The Tau Parallel Performance System.
KEA: Practical Automatic Keyphrase Extraction.
Pinpoint: Problem Determination in Large, Dynamic Internet Services.
Bounded Geometries, Fractals, and Low-Distortion Embeddings.
Stable Distributions, Pseudorandom Generators, Embeddings and Data Stream Computation.
The Block Cipher Square.
From logic programming to Prolog.
Software requirements - objects, functions, and states.
Tensor Decompositions and Applications.
A Centering Approach to Pronouns.
Executing compressed programs on an embedded RISC architecture.
An efficient parts-based near-duplicate and sub-image retrieval system.
Comparing Images Using Color Coherence Vectors.
A dynamic operating system for sensor nodes.
Learning from mistakes: a comprehensive study on real world concurrency bug characteristics.
Region-Based Memory Management in Cyclone.
Containment and Equivalence for an XPath Fragment.
Generalizing Data to Provide Anonymity when Disclosing Information (Abstract).
Algorithmics and Applications of Tree and Graph Searching.
Monad Transformers and Modular Interpreters.
The Omega test: a fast and practical integer programming algorithm for dependence analysis.
Removal Policies in Network Caches for World-Wide Web Documents.
Spectral compression of mesh geometry.
STHoles: A Multidimensional Workload-Aware Histogram.
A Unified Framework for Enforcing Multiple Access Control Policies.
SINA: Scalable Incremental Processing of Continuous Queries in Spatio-temporal Databases.
A Performance Evaluation of Four Parallel Join Algorithms in a Shared-Nothing Multiprocessor Environment.
Clustering by pattern similarity in large data sets.
Algebraic Methods in the Theory of Lower Bounds for Boolean Circuit Complexity
Supporting Aggregate Queries Over Ad-Hoc Wireless Sensor Networks.
Coordination for Internet Application Development.
Learning Bayesian networks from data: An information-theory based approach.
Visual Information Retrieval.
HYDRA: The Kernel of a Multiprocessor Operating System.
The stochastic approach for link-structure analysis (SALSA) and the TKC effect.
Applying SAT Methods in Unbounded Symbolic Model Checking.
Direct Manipulation: A Step Beyond Programming Languages.
A survey of research and practices of Network-on-chip.
Realistic Animation of Liquids.
A diary study of task switching and interruptions.
Shapes, shocks, and deformations I: The components of two-dimensional shape and the reaction-diffusion space.
Service-Oriented Computing: Key Concepts and Principles.
On the Structure of Polynomial Time Reducibility.
A Survey of Fast Exponentiation Methods.
The link-prediction problem for social networks.
Automata-Theoretic Techniques for Modal Logics of Programs.
Dynamic Mapping of a Class of Independent Tasks onto Heterogeneous Computing Systems.
Combining Multiple Clusterings Using Evidence Accumulation.
Automatic recognition and analysis of human faces and facial expressions: a survey.
Rough set methods in feature selection and recognition.
The Discrete Geodesic Problem.
Examining Smart-Card Security under the Threat of Power Analysis Attacks.
NP is as Easy as Detecting Unique Solutions.
MASSIVE: A Collaborative Virtual Environment for Teleconferencing.
Dual contouring of hermite data.
Colorization using optimization.
Shape modeling with point-sampled geometry.
Ontological user profiling in recommender systems.
Searching the Web.
Movement-based location update and selective paging for PCS networks.
The Broadcast Storm Problem in a Mobile Ad Hoc Network.
Anomaly detection: A survey.
Multi-view Matching for Unordered Image Sets, or "How Do I Organize My Holiday Snaps?".
Multilinear Analysis of Image Ensembles: TensorFaces.
Recognising Panoramas.
Alignment by Maximization of Mutual Information .
Top-Down Specialization for Information and Privacy Preservation.
An Online Algorithm for Segmenting Time Series.
An Investigation of Smoothness Constraints for the Estimation of Displacement Vector Fields from Image Sequences.
Semi-supervised Clustering by Seeding.
Integrating constraints and metric learning in semi-supervised clustering.
F5-A Steganographic Algorithm.
Limits of Control Flow on Parallelism.
Virtualizing Transactional Memory.
SMARTS: Accelerating Microarchitecture Simulation via Rigorous Statistical Sampling.
Abstract Syntax and Variable Binding.
KLEE: Unassisted and Automatic Generation of High-Coverage Tests for Complex Systems Programs.
Multiresolution sampling procedure for analysis and synthesis of texture images.
Feature Selection, Perceptron Learning, and a Usability Case Study for Text Categorization.
A Decomposition Storage Model.
Partition Based Spatial-Merge Join.
XSB as an Efficient Deductive Database Engine.
An Optimal Algorithm for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Searching.
Resettable zero-knowledge (extended abstract).
Jena: implementing the semantic web recommendations.
Towards the self-annotating web.
A proposal for an owl rules language.
CADP - A Protocol Validation and Verification Toolbox.
Executable Object Modeling with Statecharts.
Composing Adaptive Software.
Seeing stars: Exploiting class relationships for sentiment categorization with respect to rating scales
Resolution for Quantified Boolean Formulas
Interactive Sketching for the Early Stages of User Interface Design.
Sharing the Cost of Multicast Transmissions.
Ultraconservative Online Algorithms for Multiclass Problems.
Fast Correlation Attacks on Certain Stream Ciphers.
Prioritized Sweeping: Reinforcement Learning With Less Data and Less Time.
Support Vector Data Description.
Metropolitan Area Video-on-Demand Service Using Pyramid Broadcasting.
The Complexity of Decentralized Control of Markov Decision Processes.
Guillotine Subdivisions Approximate Polygonal Subdivisions: A Simple Polynomial-Time Approximation Scheme for Geometric TSP, k-MST, and Related Problems.
Mining data streams: a review.
Strengthening the Case for Pair Programming.
Power consumption in packet radio networks.
An Authorization Mechanism for a Relational Database System.
An Example-Based Mapping Method for Text Categorization and Retrieval.
The stable paths problem and interdomain routing.
Integrating Noninterfering Versions of Programs.
Evaluating Software Complexity Measures.
Optical Models for Direct Volume Rendering.
Zero-Suppressed BDDs for Set Manipulation in Combinatorial Problems.
The design and use of simplepower: a cycle-accurate energy estimation tool.
Bandwidth-Constrained Mapping of Cores onto NoC Architectures.
The CMU Pose, Illumination, and Expression (PIE) Database.
Combined dynamic voltage scaling and adaptive body biasing for lower power microprocessors under dynamic workloads.
Sparse Greedy Matrix Approximation for Machine Learning.
Application-Level Scheduling on Distributed Heterogeneous Networks.
Trust in multi-agent systems.
The Foundations of Cost-Sensitive Learning.
Memory Dependence Prediction Using Store Sets.
Cache design trade-offs for power and performance optimization: a case study.
: A Flexible Framework for Packet Video.
Improving Register Allocation for Subscripted Variables.
Concurrent Haskell.
AMELI: An Agent-Based Middleware for Electronic Institutions.
On the effectiveness of route-based packet filtering for distributed DoS attack prevention in power-law internets.
End-to-end Routing Behavior in the Internet.
Painterly Rendering for Animation.
Intelligent scissors for image composition.
An Evaluation of Phrasal and Clustered Representations on a Text Categorization Task.
Novelty and redundancy detection in adaptive filtering.
Distributed Top-K Monitoring.
Integrating Flexible Support for Security Policies into the Linux Operating System.
ALMI: An Application Level Multicast Infrastructure.
Deriving Production Rules for Incremental View Maintenance.
Schema-Free XQuery.
Algebraic Specification.
Algorithms for Drawing Graphs: an Annotated Bibliography.
KEA: Practical Automatic Keyphrase Extraction
A Characterization of Ten Hidden-Surface Algorithms.
MLESAC: A New Robust Estimator with Application to Estimating Image Geometry.
Reverse Search for Enumeration.
Triangulating a Simple Polygon in Linear Time.
OIL: An Ontology Infrastructure for the Semantic Web.
Better Verification Through Symmetry.
Liveboard: A Large Interactive Display Supporting Group Meetings, Presentations, and Remote Collaboration.
Smoothed analysis of algorithms: Why the simplex algorithm usually takes polynomial time.
Testing for the Consecutive Ones Property, Interval Graphs, and Graph Planarity Using PQ-Tree Algorithms.
The WSLA Framework: Specifying and Monitoring Service Level Agreements for Web Services.
A Tree Projection Algorithm for Generation of Frequent Item Sets.
Critical Skills and Knowledge Requirements of IS Professionals: A Joint Academic/Industry Investigation.
Learning From Noisy Examples.
The Power of Communication: P Systems with Symport/Antiport.
Image Segmentation by Data-Driven Markov Chain Monte Carlo.
A study of the behavior of several methods for balancing machine learning training data.
The HiPAC Project: Combining Active Databases and Timing Constraints.
Index-driven similarity search in metric spaces.
Reusing Software: Issues and Research Directions.
LUBM: A benchmark for OWL knowledge base systems.
A Generalized Birthday Problem.
The Eucalyptus Open-Source Cloud-Computing System.
B*-Trees: a new representation for non-slicing floorplans.
Ontobroker: Ontology Based Access to Distributed and Semi-Structured Information.
Programming from specifications.
Steiner problem in networks: A survey.
ConcurTaskTrees: A Diagrammatic Notation for Specifying Task Models.
Single-ISA Heterogeneous Multi-Core Architectures for Multithreaded Workload Performance.
Clustered voltage scaling technique for low-power design.
Trace Processors.
Towards realistic mobility models for mobile ad hoc networks.
An end-to-end approach to host mobility.
PSFQ: a reliable transport protocol for wireless sensor networks.
A Metaobject Protocol for C++.
A Natural Semantics for Lazy Evaluation.
Semantic Foundations of Concurrent Constraint Programming.
Reputation and social network analysis in multi-agent systems.
TVLA: A System for Implementing Static Analyses.
An Evaluation of Techniques for Grabbing and Manipulating Remote Objects in Immersive Virtual Environments.
A Flexible Model for Resource Management in Virtual Private Networks.
Packet Classification on Multiple Fields.
Learning user interaction models for predicting web search result preferences.
Boosting and Rocchio Applied to Text Filtering.
AdaRank: a boosting algorithm for information retrieval.
Minimization of Tree Pattern Queries.
Area-Time Complexity for VLSI
Efficient Simplification of Point-Sampled Surfaces.
Incremental Clustering for Mining in a Data Warehousing Environment.
Exact Indexing of Dynamic Time Warping.
A picture of search.
Towards adaptive Web sites: Conceptual framework and case study.
Cooperative Mobile Robotics: Antecedents and Directions.
The next 700 programming languages.
Distributed Programming in Argus.
Ten Myths of Multimodal Interaction.
Coordination Mechanisms: Towards a Conceptual Foundation of CSCW Systems Design.
Linear time algorithms for NP-hard problems restricted to partial k-trees.
The FindMe Approach to Assisted Browsing.
"Constant, constant, multi-tasking craziness": managing multiple working spheres.
The Complexity of Stochastic Games
Visual Modeling with a Hand-Held Camera.
Atomic Snapshots of Shared Memory.
Initial Algebra Semantics and Continuous Algebras.
The complexity of searching a graph.
A review of Web searching studies and a framework for future research.
Inference for the Generalization Error.
Dynamic Batching Policies for an On-Demand Video Server.
Feedback Control Real-Time Scheduling: Framework, Modeling, and Algorithms.
Signature schemes based on the strong RSA assumption.
ProbView: A Flexible Probabilistic Database System.
Data Model Issues for Object-Oriented Applications.
Effective bandwidths for multiclass Markov fluids and other ATM sources.
The Priority-Based Coloring Approach to Register Allocation.
A Methodology for Controlling the Size of a Test Suite.
Mariposa: A Wide-Area Distributed Database System
LFSR-based Hashing and Authentication.
A decade of reconfigurable computing: a visionary retrospective.
Mining the Web for Synonyms: PMI-IR versus LSA on TOEFL.
Differentially Uniform Mappings for Cryptography.
Untangling Text Data Mining.
Power Efficient Processor Architecture and The Cell Processor.
All About Maude - A High-Performance Logical Framework, How to Specify, Program and Verify Systems in Rewriting Logic
Computing Geodesics and Minimal Surfaces via Graph Cuts.
Modeling Multidimensional Databases.
Feature selection for high-dimensional genomic microarray data.
ArchJava: connecting software architecture to implementation.
Pushing the EL Envelope.
Advances in domain independent linear text segmentation.
Smart Memories: a modular reconfigurable architecture.
The ISPD98 circuit benchmark suite.
The ANL/IBM SP Scheduling System.
: Hardware Support for Instruction-Level Profiling on Out-of-Order Processors.
The specification of process synchronization by path expressions.
On the Security of ElGamal Based Encryption.
Whole Program Paths.
Comparison of routing metrics for static multi-hop wireless networks.
A scalable, commodity data center network architecture.
Feature sensitive surface extraction from volume data.
A Comparison of Classifiers and Document Representations for the Routing Problem.
The Wisconsin Wind Tunnel: Virtual Prototyping of Parallel Computers.
Data Cache Management Using Frequency-Based Replacement.
Minimal probing: supporting expensive predicates for top-k queries.
Graph Indexing: A Frequent Structure-based Approach.
Two Algorithms for Nearest-Neighbor Search in High Dimensions.
Smooth view-dependent level-of-detail control and its application to terrain rendering.
Wherefore art thou r3579x?: anonymized social networks, hidden patterns, and structural steganography.
An Analysis of First-Order Logics of Probability.
Globally Consistent Range Scan Alignment for Environment Mapping.
Formal Verification of Parallel Programs.
Contextual correlates of synonymy.
Sorting on a Mesh-Connected Parallel Computer.
Mining the Web for Synonyms: PMI-IR versus LSA on TOEFL
Finite topology as applied to image analysis.
MOPS: an infrastructure for examining security properties of software.
Composition and integrity preservation of secure reactive systems.
Mimicry attacks on host-based intrusion detection systems.
Feature Subset Selection Using a Genetic Algorithm.
Reactive Modules.
The Complexity of Logic-Based Abduction.
Indexing compressed text.
Relationships Between Nondeterministic and Deterministic Tape Complexities.
Support Vector Clustering.
Discriminative Common Vectors for Face Recognition.
A Method of Combining Multiple Experts for the Recognition of Unconstrained Handwritten Numerals.
Recognition by Linear Combinations of Models.
Generalising monads to arrows.
Improved Boosting Algorithms using Confidence-Rated Predictions.
Solving sparse linear equations over finite fields.
Starburst Mid-Flight: As the Dust Clears.
Lightweight probabilistic broadcast.
Concurrency Control Performance Modeling: Alternatives and Implications.
Principles of Database Buffer Management.
Anisotropic polygonal remeshing.
Linear algebra operators for GPU implementation of numerical algorithms.
Software Function, Source Lines of Code, and Development Effort Prediction: A Software Science Validation.
A Technique for Drawing Directed Graphs.
Proving the Correctness of Multiprocess Programs.
A Framework for Expressing the Relationships Between Multiple Views in Requirements Specification.
seL4: formal verification of an OS kernel.
Entity-Based Cross-Document Coreferencing Using the Vector Space Model.
Verifiable Secret Sharing and Achieving Simultaneity in the Presence of Faults (Extended Abstract)
F-Bounded Polymorphism for Object-Oriented Programming.
Miranda: A Non-Strict Functional language with Polymorphic Types.
Toward a Common Component Architecture for High-Performance Scientific Computing.
The Structure and Complexity of Nash Equilibria for a Selfish Routing Game.
Mean Shift Analysis and Applications.
A Maximum-Flow Formulation of the N-Camera Stereo Correspondence Problem.
Efficient Non-interactive Proof Systems for Bilinear Groups.
Direct Chosen Ciphertext Security from Identity-Based Techniques.
Energy-aware mapping for tile-based NoC architectures under performance constraints.
An ontology for context-aware pervasive computing environments.
Proximal support vector machine classifiers.
Mining data records in Web pages.
Treewidth: Algorithmoc Techniques and Results.
Control-Flow Analysis in Scheme.
TRIPLE - A Query, Inference, and Transformation Language for the Semantic Web.
Trading structure for randomness in wireless opportunistic routing.
Computationally feasible VCG mechanisms.
The Reyes image rendering architecture.
IRIS performer: a high performance multiprocessing toolkit for real-time 3D graphics.
Physically Based Motion Transformation.
Lapped textures.
Processing complex aggregate queries over data streams.
BLINKS: ranked keyword searches on graphs.
Two Algorithms for Maintaining Order in a List
Some Connections between Nonuniform and Uniform Complexity Classes
SecureUML: A UML-Based Modeling Language for Model-Driven Security.
Optimizing Multi-Feature Queries for Image Databases.
Scalable Semantic Web Data Management Using Vertical Partitioning.
Exploring social annotations for the semantic web.
Hierarchical Wrapper Induction for Semistructured Information Sources.
The V Distributed System.
Reduction: A Method of Proving Properties of Parallel Programs.
Why we blog.
An empirical analysis of the IEEE 802.11 MAC layer handoff process.
The Sprite Network Operating System.
An Infrastructure for Adaptive Dynamic Optimization.
Taking email to task: the design and evaluation of a task management centered email tool.
Self-Calibration and Metric Reconstruction Inspite of Varying and Unknown Intrinsic Camera Parameters.
Synchronizing Clocks in the Presence of Faults
Approximation capabilities of multilayer feedforward networks.
Multidimensional Orientation Estimation with Applications to Texture Analysis and Optical Flow.
A Database for Handwritten Text Recognition Research.
Calculating the Maximum Execution Time of Real-Time Programs.
Balanced Allocations.
Operational Profiles in Software-Reliability Engineering.
Data and memory optimization techniques for embedded systems.
All-frequency shadows using non-linear wavelet lighting approximation.
Fast Simulation of Rare Events in Queueing and Reliability Models.
Competitive routing in multiuser communication networks.
Property-Based Software Engineering Measurement.
Representing and Using Nonfunctional Requirements: A Process-Oriented Approach.
The MD4 Message Digest Algorithm.
Key-Insulated Public Key Cryptosystems.
Secure Hash-and-Sign Signatures Without the Random Oracle.
Espresso: Leveraging Generic Patterns for Automatically Harvesting Semantic Relations.
Number-theoretic Constructions of Efficient Pseudo-random Functions.
Earthquake shakes Twitter users: real-time event detection by social sensors.
An Investigation of Niche and Species Formation in Genetic Function Optimization.
Template meta-programming for Haskell.
Dynamic Instruction Reuse.
Combinatorial Approaches to Finding Subtle Signals in DNA Sequences.
Finding application errors and security flaws using PQL: a program query language.
Object Race Detection.
Exploiting coarse-grained task, data, and pipeline parallelism in stream programs.
Cache-Conscious Structure Layout.
Global Value Numbers and Redundant Computations.
Providing Guaranteed Services without Per Flow Management.
Robust incentive techniques for peer-to-peer networks.
Computer-generated watercolor.
Moving objects in space: exploiting proprioception in virtual-environment interaction.
A signal-processing framework for inverse rendering.
Resolving Ambiguity for Cross-Language Retrieval.
Subtopic Structuring for Full-Length Document Access.
Making Smalltalk a Database System.
Scrap your boilerplate: a practical design pattern for generic programming
The Go-Go Interaction Technique: Non-Linear Mapping for Direct Manipulation in VR.
ObjectRank: Authority-Based Keyword Search in Databases.
GAMMA - A High Performance Dataflow Database Machine.
Fast Nearest Neighbor Search in Medical Image Databases.
Answering XML Queries on Heterogeneous Data Sources.
Secure verification of location claims.
Multilanguage Hierarchical Logics or: How we can do Without Modal Logics.
Theories for Mutagenicity: A Study in First-Order and Feature-Based Induction.
A Comparison of List Schedules for Parallel Processing Systems.
Phoaks: A System for Sharing Recommendations.
Scalable TCP: improving performance in highspeed wide area networks.
A Technique for Measuring the Relative Size and Overlap of Public Web Search Engines.
Composing Domain-Specific Design Environments.
A Logical Design Methodology for Relational Databases Using the Extended Entity-Relationship Model.
The EM Side-Channel(s).
A theory of self-calibration of a moving camera.
Reversal-Bounded Multicounter Machines and Their Decision Problems.
On conjunctive queries containing inequalities.
How Easy is Local Search?
An Efficiently Computable Metric for Comparing Polygonal Shapes.
Performance Evaluation of Some Clustering Algorithms and Validity Indices.
The Quotient Image: Class-Based Re-Rendering and Recognition with Varying Illuminations.
Scheduling Precedence Graphs in Systems with Interprocessor Communication Times.
Three New Probabilistic Models for Dependency Parsing: An Exploration.
Architectural Mismatch: Why Reuse Is So Hard.
Visualizing the Performance of Parallel Programs.
Characterizing Finite Kripke Structures in Propositional Temporal Logic.
Cryptographic Solution to a Problem of Access Control in a Hierarchy
A Reflectance Model for Computer Graphics.
Simulation of simplicity: a technique to cope with degenerate cases in geometric algorithms.
An Event-Based Architecture Definition Language.
A Forward-Secure Digital Signature Scheme.
Moving Out from the Control Room: Ethnography in System Design.
Validating SAT Solvers Using an Independent Resolution-Based Checker: Practical Implementations and Other Applications.
A Factorization Based Algorithm for Multi-Image Projective Structure and Motion.
Valuation of Trust in Open Networks.
Scalable Inference and Training of Context-Rich Syntactic Translation Models.
Computing Simulations on Finite and Infinite Graphs.
Leakage-Resilient Cryptography.
A Survey on Transfer Learning.
Obstruction-Free Synchronization: Double-Ended Queues as an Example.
Neural networks - algorithms, applications, and programming techniques.
Regularization of Inverse Visual Problems Involving Discontinuities.
Trapdoors for Hard Lattices and New Cryptographic Constructions.
Boosting the margin: A new explanation for the effectiveness of voting methods.
Software Aging.
Intelligence Without Reason.
A scalable approach to thread-level speculation.
Discovering evolutionary theme patterns from text: an exploration of temporal text mining.
Analysis of a campus-wide wireless network.
ID-Based Blind Signature and Ring Signature from Pairings.
Object-Oriented Type Inference.
An Algorithm for Multi-relational Discovery of Subgroups.
Fast and Accurate Flow-Insensitive Points-To Analysis.
Instant radiosity.
Context-sensitive information retrieval using implicit feedback.
Towards automatic extraction of event and place semantics from flickr tags.
A Data Model and Data Structures for Moving Objects Databases.
Data Structures for Weighted Matching and Nearest Common Ancestors with Linking.
Capturing the Uncertainty of Moving-Object Representations.
A sieve algorithm for the shortest lattice vector problem.
A Note on Efficient Zero-Knowledge Proofs and Arguments (Extended Abstract)
Speed-dependent automatic zooming for browsing large documents.
Probabilistic query expansion using query logs.
The Independent Choice Logic for Modelling Multiple Agents Under Uncertainty.
A Reasoning Model Based on the Production of Acceptable Arguments.
The Amsterdam Hypermedia Model: Adding Time and Context to the Dexter Model.
A taxonomy of DDoS attack and DDoS defense mechanisms.
Making Components Contract Aware.
Advances in domain independent linear text segmentation
Augmented Encrypted Key Exchange: A Password-Based Protocol Secure against Dictionary Attacks and Password File Compromise.
Automatic Construction of Decision Trees from Data: A Multi-Disciplinary Survey.
Proxy Signatures for Delegating Signing Operation.
Strongly Typed Genetic Programming.
Halo: a technique for visualizing off-screen objects.
A Case for Interaction: A Study of Interactive Information Retrieval Behavior and Effectiveness.
What Is the Set of Images of an Object Under All Possible Illumination Conditions?
Generalized Best-First Search Strategies and the Optimality of A*
Transforming Cabbage into Turnip: Polynomial Algorithm for Sorting Signed Permutations by Reversals.
Knowledge Compilation and Theory Approximation.
On the Complexity of Dualization of Monotone Disjunctive Normal Forms.
Learning to link with wikipedia.
Xtensa: A Configurable and Extensible Processor.
Canonical Correlation Analysis: An Overview with Application to Learning Methods.
Dynamic 3D Models with Local and Global Deformations: Deformable Superquadrics.
Convergent Tree-Reweighted Message Passing for Energy Minimization.
A graph distance metric based on the maximal common subgraph.
Identifying the Minimal Transversals of a Hypergraph and Related Problems.
Invitation to data reduction and problem kernelization.
A taxonomy of wireless micro-sensor network models.
Temperature-aware microarchitecture: Modeling and implementation.
A Chip-Multiprocessor Architecture with Speculative Multithreading.
On the Algebraic Structure of Combinatorial Problems.
TRBAC: A temporal role-based access control model.
Temporal and Real-Time Databases: A Survey.
System-level power optimization: techniques and tools.
Continuum crowds.
Iterated Register Coalescing.
Protecting privacy using the decentralized label model.
Recovering Traceability Links between Code and Documentation.
An Experimental Evaluation of the Assumption of Independence in Multiversion Programming.
Conflicts in Policy-Based Distributed Systems Management.
Distance-Based Outliers: Algorithms and Applications.
Differential Collisions in SHA-0.
Holistic schedulability analysis for distributed hard real-time systems.
TD-Gammon, a Self-Teaching Backgammon Program, Achieves Master-Level Play.
SVM-KNN: Discriminative Nearest Neighbor Classification for Visual Category Recognition.
WikiRelate! Computing Semantic Relatedness Using Wikipedia.
Aligning Sentences in Parallel Corpora.
Hard-Core Distributions for Somewhat Hard Problems.
Mechanism Design via Differential Privacy.
Object Categorization by Learned Universal Visual Dictionary.
Trace theory for automatic hierarchical verification of speed-independent circuits.
Communication complexity and parallel computing.
Foundations of disjunctive logic programming.
Architectural Mismatch or Why It's Hard to Build Systems Out Of Existing Parts.
APRIL: A Processor Architecture for Multiprocessing.
Phase Tracking and Prediction.
Energy-driven integrated hardware-software optimizations using SimplePower.
Probabilistic author-topic models for information discovery.
A high-performance microarchitecture with hardware-programmable functional units.
Hash-based Enhancement of Location Privacy for Radio-Frequency Identification Devices using Varying Identifiers.
The Pointer Assertion Logic Engine.
Flexible protocol specification and execution: applying event calculus planning using commitments.
Multi-dimensional range queries in sensor networks.
Interactive texture mapping.
Hypertexture.
Cluster-Based Language Models for Distributed Retrieval.
The Information Bus - An Architecture for Extensible Distributed Systems.
A Secure and Reliable Bootstrap Architecture.
Summarizability in OLAP and Statistical Data Bases.
Database Architecture Optimized for the New Bottleneck: Memory Access.
StatStream: Statistical Monitoring of Thousands of Data Streams in Real Time.
Semi-Automatic Generation of Transfer Functions for Direct Volume Rendering.
Flash crowds and denial of service attacks: characterization and implications for CDNs and web sites.
A model-theoretic coreference scoring scheme.
A Generic Arc-Consistency Algorithm and its Specializations.
Remote Agent: To Boldly Go Where No AI System Has Gone Before.
Usability engineering methods for software developers.
Intelligent Information-Sharing Systems.
Random Number Generators: Good Ones Are Hard to Find.
Graphical Fisheye Views.
UIML: An Appliance-Independent XML User Interface Language.
The Cydra 5 Departmental Supercomputer: Design Philosophies, Decisions, and Trade-offs.
Active Learning with Statistical Models
Simple and fault-tolerant key agreement for dynamic collaborative groups.
Implications for design.
Cooperative Inquiry: Developing new Technologies for Children with Children.
Partitioning digital worlds: focal and peripheral awareness in multiple monitor use.
Approximate Counting, Uniform Generation and Rapidly Mixing Markov Chains
Assessing dimensions of perceived visual aesthetics of web sites.
External cognition: how do graphical representations work?
Horn clauses and database dependencies.
Core Vector Machines: Fast SVM Training on Very Large Data Sets.
Partial Cylindrical Algebraic Decomposition for Quantifier Elimination.
State-of-the-art in privacy preserving data mining.
Delegation logic: A logic-based approach to distributed authorization.
Mobile Computing and Databases - A Survey.
Developing a Natural Language Interface to Complex Data.
Stylization and abstraction of photographs.
Automated extraction and parameterization of motions in large data sets.
Adaptive Computing on the Grid Using AppLeS.
Advances in Software Inspections.
An Asymptotically Optimal Multiversion B-Tree.
Composing Web services on the Semantic Web.
A survey on web services composition.
HTN Planning: Complexity and Expressivity.
Level Set Evolution without Re-Initialization: A New Variational Formulation.
A Theoretical Integration of User Satisfaction and Technology Acceptance.
An O-Tree Representation of Non-Slicing Floorplan and Its Applications.
Shape Priors for Level Set Representations.
Amdahl's Law in the multicore era.
Is Anybody Out There? Antecedents of Trust in Global Virtual Teams.
On the Privacy Preserving Properties of Random Data Perturbation Techniques.
The relationship between Precision-Recall and ROC curves.
Formalizing Architectural Connection.
Transport layer identification of P2P traffic.
Advice weaving in AspectJ.
CHARM++: A Portable Concurrent Object Oriented System Based On C++.
Adapting to Network and Client Variability via On-Demand Dynamic Distillation.
On the Semantics of Updates in Databases.
Inheritance Is Not Subtyping.
An evidential model of distributed reputation management.
SOS: secure overlay services.
Polynomial texture maps.
Data-streams and histograms.
Scrap your boilerplate: a practical design pattern for generic programming.
SkipNet: A Scalable Overlay Network with Practical Locality Properties.
Curriculum '78: Recommendations for the Undergraduate Program in Computer Science - A Report of the ACM Curriculum Committee on Computer Science.
The Jini Architecture for Network-Centric Computing.
Games with a Purpose.
Logical Time in Distributed Computing Systems.
Architecture for an Artificial Immune System.
Location disclosure to social relations: why, when, & what people want to share.
Probabilistic Logic Programming
Interaction in 4-second bursts: the fragmented nature of attentional resources in mobile HCI.
Hard examples for resolution.
Active Learning with Statistical Models.
The Security of the Cipher Block Chaining Message Authentication Code.
Which Problems Have Strongly Exponential Complexity?
Lattice basis reduction: Improved practical algorithms and solving subset sum problems.
A Theoretical Study on Six Classifier Fusion Strategies.
A New Algorithm for Error-Tolerant Subgraph Isomorphism Detection.
The Action Workflow Approach to Workflow Management Technology.
Practical byzantine fault tolerance and proactive recovery.
A duality model of TCP and queue management algorithms.
The Concept of a Supercompiler.
Experimentation in Software Engineering.
Orthogonal Defect Classification - A Concept for In-Process Measurements.
State Transition Analysis: A Rule-Based Intrusion Detection Approach.
Behavior Protocols for Software Components.
Mobility in Collaboration.
Scalable Parallel Programming with CUDA.
Probabilistic Noninterference for Multi-Threaded Programs.
Dynamic Management of Scratch-Pad Memory Space.
A survey of web caching schemes for the Internet.
Explora: A Multipattern and Multistrategy Discovery Assistant.
Dynamic change within workflow systems.
Security for Grid Services.
AHAM: A Dexter-Based Reference Model for Adaptive Hypermedia.
Domain Adaptation with Structural Correspondence Learning.
New directions in cryptography.
From Instance-level Constraints to Space-Level Constraints: Making the Most of Prior Knowledge in Data Clustering.
Pruning Adaptive Boosting.
A Principle for Resilient Sharing of Distributed Resources.
Dynamic Speculation and Synchronization of Data Dependences.
A New Multi-Channel MAC Protocol with On-Demand Channel Assignment for Multi-Hop Mobile Ad Hoc Networks.
On the need for time series data mining benchmarks: a survey and empirical demonstration.
ADL: Exploring the Middle Ground Between STRIPS and the Situation Calculus.
A Methodology and Modelling Technique for Systems of BDI Agents.
A static power model for architects.
Assigning Confidence to Conditional Branch Predictions.
Bubble rap: social-based forwarding in delay tolerant networks.
Characterizing Mobility and Network Usage in a Corporate Wireless Local-Area Network.
Learning to Paraphrase: An Unsupervised Approach Using Multiple-Sequence Alignment.
Modeling Context Information in Pervasive Computing Systems.
The Gap-Problems: A New Class of Problems for the Security of Cryptographic Schemes.
Effective static race detection for Java.
Statistical bandwidth sharing: a study of congestion at flow level.
Fast and Scalable Layer Four Switching.
Normal meshes.
Reflection from layered surfaces due to subsurface scattering.
Collaborative filtering with privacy via factor analysis.
Similarity-Based Queries for Time Series Data.
Making B-Trees Cache Conscious in Main Memory.
Continuous Nearest Neighbor Search.
Expertise networks in online communities: structure and algorithms.
Mapping the world's photos.
BPP Has Subexponential Time Simulations Unless EXPTIME has Publishable Proofs.
Computer-Supported Cooperative Work: History and Focus.
Three New Probabilistic Models for Dependency Parsing: An Exploration
Similarity-Based Queries for Time Series Data
A survey of key management for secure group communication.
Efficient pairing computation on supersingular Abelian varieties.
A Genetic Algorithm for the Multidimensional Knapsack Problem.
Urp: A Luminous-Tangible Workbench for Urban Planning and Design.
Performance optimization of VLSI interconnect layout.
The topological structure of asynchronous computability.
Approximate distance oracles.
Learning to Detect Objects in Images via a Sparse, Part-Based Representation.
Robust Real-Time Periodic Motion Detection, Analysis, and Applications.
An Efficient Solution to the Five-Point Relative Pose Problem.
Boundary Finding with Parametrically Deformable Models.
On the Detection of Dominant Points on Digital Curves.
Dynamic Queries for Visual Information Seeking.
Compressed representations of sequences and full-text indexes.
Resources, concurrency, and local reasoning.
Configuring role-based access control to enforce mandatory and discretionary access control policies.
Topic-Sensitive PageRank: A Context-Sensitive Ranking Algorithm for Web Search.
Using a Hash-Based Method with Transaction Trimming for Mining Association Rules.
Some High Level Language Constructs for Data of Type Relation.
Real-time texture synthesis by patch-based sampling.
Evaluating the accuracy of implicit feedback from clicks and query reformulations in Web search.
Scheduling algorithms for multihop radio networks.
Measuring ISP topologies with rocketfuel.
Automatic Symbolic Verification of Embedded Systems.
Collusion-Secure Fingerprinting for Digital Data (Extended Abstract).
Society and Group Oriented Cryptography: A New Concept.
Generalized Secret Sharing and Monotone Functions.
YAPI: application modeling for signal processing systems.
CDuce: an XML-centric general-purpose language.
VIKI: Spatial Hypertext Supporting Emergent Structure.
Semantic Taxonomy Induction from Heterogenous Evidence.
Global Optimization with Polynomials and the Problem of Moments.
Context-based vision system for place and object recognition.
Multiclass Spectral Clustering.
Detecting Changes in XML Documents.
Authenticated Encryption: Relations among notions and analysis of the generic composition paradigm.
Enhancing Supervised Learning with Unlabeled Data.
Energy-effective issue logic.
Time as essence for photo browsing through personal digital libraries.
Topics over time: a non-Markov continuous-time model of topical trends.
Streaming RAID: A Disk Array Management System for Video Files.
Distributed fair scheduling in a wireless LAN.
Minimum-energy broadcast in all-wireless networks: : NP-completeness and distribution issues.
Robust rate adaptation for 802.11 wireless networks.
A Parameterized Type System for Race-Free Java Programs.
Object-Oriented Programming with Flavors.
Global Optimizations for Parallelism and Locality on Scalable Parallel Machines.
DTD Inference for Views of XML Data.
Answering Queries Using Templates with Binding Patterns.
A Type-Theoretic Approach to Higher-Order Modules with Sharing.
Giggle: a framework for constructing scalable replica location services.
Taming the torrent: a practical approach to reducing cross-isp traffic in peer-to-peer systems.
ArtDefo: Accurate Real Time Deformable Objects.
A support vector method for optimizing average precision.
Data Placement In Bubba.
On Computing Correlated Aggregates Over Continual Data Streams.
Incremental Maintenance of Views with Duplicates.
Extensible/Rule Based Query Rewrite Optimization in Starburst.
Direct Spatial Search on Pictorial Databases Using Packed R-Trees.
K-Nearest Neighbor Search for Moving Query Point.
How to share a function securely.
Conversation specification: a new approach to design and analysis of e-service composition.
Topic sentiment mixture: modeling facets and opinions in weblogs.
An experimental comparison of click position-bias models.
Animate Vision.
Approximating Probabilistic Inference in Bayesian Belief Networks is NP-Hard.
Interpretation as Abduction.
A Taxonomy for Artificial Embryogeny.
Personalized Information Delivery: An Analysis of Information Filtering Methods.
Computer Science as Empirical Inquiry: Symbols and Search.
A General-Purpose Algorithm for Analyzing Concurrent Programs.
NIST Net: a Linux-based network emulation tool.
Translating Collocations for Bilingual Lexicons: A Statistical Approach.
Amdahl's Law in the Multicore Era.
Learning to Paraphrase: An Unsupervised Approach Using Multiple-Sequence Alignment
Security for Grid Services
The Octagon Abstract Domain
A Cryptographic File System for UNIX.
Frequent pattern mining: current status and future directions.
A Public-Key Cryptosystem with Worst-Case/Average-Case Equivalence
Memory-Efficient Algorithms for the Verification of Temporal Properties.
Reactive, Generative and Stratified Models of Probabilistic Processes
Extending Fitts' Law to Two-Dimensional Tasks.
Beyond Paper: Supporting Active Reading with Free Form Digital Ink Annotations.
Statistical Color Models with Application to Skin Detection.
A Framework and Ontology for Dynamic Web Services Selection.
The Steiner Problem with Edge Lengths 1 and 2.
A trade-off between space and efficiency for routing tables.
Zero Knowledge and the Chromatic Number.
What's Decidable about Hybrid Automata?
Faster Shortest-Path Algorithms for Planar Graphs.
A Real-Time Matching System for Large Fingerprint Databases.
Rotation Forest: A New Classifier Ensemble Method.
A normal form for XML documents.
Path sharing and predicate evaluation for high-performance XML filtering.
As-rigid-as-possible shape manipulation.
The Use of Eye Movements in Human-Computer Interaction Techniques: What You Look At is What You Get.
The PIM architecture for wide-area multicast routing.
Kleene Algebra with Tests.
Orca: A Language For Parallel Programming of Distributed Systems.
KIDS: A Semiautomatic Program Development System.
The Ball-Pivoting Algorithm for Surface Reconstruction.
Walking away from the Desktop Computer: Distributed Collaboration and Mobility in a Product Design Team.
Shape Matching and Object Recognition Using Low Distortion Correspondences.
Power Supply Noise Analysis Methodology for Deep-Submicron VLSI Chip Design.
Efficient Proofs that a Committed Number Lies in an Interval.
Introduction to functional programming.
Practical planning - extending the classical AI planning paradigm.
Power-Law Distributions in Empirical Data.
Multiple-Instance Learning for Natural Scene Classification.
Towards a taxonomy of software connectors.
A model of textual affect sensing using real-world knowledge.
Abstracting Control.
Using directional antennas for medium access control in ad hoc networks.
Compiler and runtime support for efficient software transactional memory.
Data Transformations for Eliminating Conflict Misses.
Iterative context bounding for systematic testing of multithreaded programs.
Achieving scalability and expressiveness in an Internet-scale event notification service.
MagPIe: MPI's Collective Communication Operations for Clustered Wide Area Systems.
Hybrid dynamic data race detection.
Understanding the network-level behavior of spammers.
Towards a universal test suite for combinatorial auction algorithms.
Reality Engine graphics.
Processing images and video for an impressionist effect.
A rendering algorithm for visualizing 3D scalar fields.
Spherical wavelets: efficiently representing functions on the sphere.
Exact Evaluation of Catmull-Clark Subdivision Surfaces at Arbitrary Parameter Values.
Effective Site Finding Using Link Anchor Information.
Fast accurate computation of large-scale IP traffic matrices from link loads.
Synchronizing a Database to Improve Freshness.
Efficient Mid-Query Re-Optimization of Sub-Optimal Query Execution Plans.
High-performance complex event processing over streams.
Access Control Meets Public Key Infrastructure, Or: Assigning Roles to Strangers.
Compressed suffix arrays and suffix trees with applications to text indexing and string matching (extended abstract).
PhotoMesa: a zoomable image browser using quantum treemaps and bubblemaps.
Voronoi-Based K Nearest Neighbor Search for Spatial Network Databases.
The TPR*-Tree: An Optimized Spatio-Temporal Access Method for Predictive Queries.
Load Shedding in a Data Stream Manager.
Piazza: data management infrastructure for semantic web applications.
Nonmonotonic Logic and Temporal Projection.
Knowledge-Based Artificial Neural Networks.
Tackling Real-Coded Genetic Algorithms: Operators and Tools for Behavioural Analysis.
A Locally Adaptive Data Compression Scheme.
Experience with Processes and Monitors in Mesa.
OpenFlow: enabling innovation in campus networks.
Web-Based Education for All: A Tool for Development Adaptive Courseware.
PicoRadio Supports Ad Hoc Ultra-Low Power Wireless Networking.
Representation results for defeasible logic
System Deadlocks.
Snoop: An Expressive Event Specification Language for Active Databases.
Beyond Being There.
Nominal logic, a first order theory of names and binding.
Heuristic evaluation of ambient displays.
Animation: can it facilitate?
Feature Article: Optimization for simulation: Theory vs. Practice.
Dynamic Load Balancing on Web-Server Systems.
Fusion Via a Linear Combination of Scores.
Bisimulation Can't be Traced.
The Complexity of Some Problems on Subsequences and Supersequences.
Vertex Cover: Further Observations and Further Improvements.
Filtered Document Retrieval with Frequency-Sorted Indexes.
Bounded-Width Polynomial-Size Branching Programs Recognize Exactly Those Languages in NC.
Dependency Networks for Inference, Collaborative Filtering, and Data Visualization.
Learning a Mahalanobis Metric from Equivalence Constraints.
Information Privacy: Measuring Individuals' Concerns About Organizational Practices.
A Theory of Task/Technology Fit and Group Support Systems Effectiveness.
Incremental Induction of Decision Trees.
Smooth minimization of non-smooth functions.
Recovering 3D Human Pose from Monocular Images.
Fast, Reliable Head Tracking under Varying Illumination: An Approach Based on Registration of Texture-Mapped 3D Models.
Supervised Learning of Semantic Classes for Image Annotation and Retrieval.
On the Composition of Zero-Knowledge Proof Systems.
Approximating the Permanent.
Semantic Integration of Semistructured and Structured Data Sources.
The Clio Project: Managing Heterogeneity.
Optimizing Sensor Networks in the Energy-Latency-Density Design Space.
Establishing and maintaining long-term human-computer relationships.
A Tree-Based Algorithm for Distributed Mutual Exclusion.
Multiresolution Analysis for Surfaces of Arbitrary Topological Type.
Procedural modeling of buildings.
gIBIS: A Hypertext Tool for Exploratory Policy Discussion.
Managing Conflicts in Goal-Driven Requirements Engineering.
Computing and Rendering Point Set Surfaces.
Predictive system shutdown and other architectural techniques for energy efficient programmable computation.
Negotiation-Based Protocols for Disseminating Information in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Mining Opinion Features in Customer Reviews.
Parallel Tracking and Mapping for Small AR Workspaces.
The Oracle Diffie-Hellman Assumptions and an Analysis of DHIES.
PCA-SIFT: A More Distinctive Representation for Local Image Descriptors.
Pedestrian Detection in Crowded Scenes.
Efficient Algorithms for Solving Overdefined Systems of Multivariate Polynomial Equations.
1-Way Quantum Finite Automata: Strengths, Weaknesses and Generalizations.
The Potential for Using Thread-Level Data Speculation to Facilitate Automatic Parallelization.
Towards a Better Understanding of Context and Context-Awareness.
Estimating the Tensor of Curvature of a Surface from a Polyhedral Approximation.
Clustering Association Rules.
String-rewriting systems.
A comparison of input devices in element pointing and dragging tasks.
Provably Secure Password-Authenticated Key Exchange Using Diffie-Hellman.
Discovery of inference rules for question-answering.
Notes on Formalizing Context.
abc: an extensible AspectJ compiler.
Reducing power in superscalar processor caches using subbanking, multiple line buffers and bit-line segmentation.
DIRT @SBT@discovery of inference rules from text.
Automatically extracting highlights for TV Baseball programs.
A Statistically-Hiding Integer Commitment Scheme Based on Groups with Hidden Order.
The Penn Treebank: Annotating Predicate Argument Structure.
Democratizing Content Publication with Coral.
Detecting Conflicts Between Structure Accesses.
Fuzzy Queries in Multimedia Database Systems.
Remarks on the Algebra of Non First Normal Form Relations.
Manufacturing Cheap, Resilient, and Stealthy Opaque Constructs.
A General Approach for Run-Time Specialization and its Application to C.
Counting Distinct Elements in a Data Stream.
A Signature Scheme with Efficient Protocols.
On network-aware clustering of web clients.
Analysis and design of an adaptive virtual queue (AVQ) algorithm for active queue management.
Network topology generators: degree-based vs. structural.
Efficient, fair interpolation using Catmull-Clark surfaces.
Fast shadows and lighting effects using texture mapping.
Variational surface modeling.
Automatic Combination of Multiple Ranked Retrieval Systems.
Approaches to Passage Retrieval in Full Text Information Systems.
Characterizing user behavior and network performance in a public wireless LAN.
Staggered Striping in Multimedia Information Systems.
On Random Sampling over Joins.
Secure XML Querying with Security Views.
Infomaster: An Information Integration System.
Semantic File Systems.
Fast, small-space algorithms for approximate histogram maintenance.
Interactive public ambient displays: transitioning from implicit to explicit, public to personal, interaction with multiple users.
Gestures without libraries, toolkits or training: a $1 recognizer for user interface prototypes.
The foundations of Esterel.
Accurate, scalable in-network identification of p2p traffic using application signatures.
Predicting clicks: estimating the click-through rate for new ads.
Analysis of topological characteristics of huge online social networking services.
Tag ranking.
Learning to construct knowledge bases from the World Wide Web.
An Introduction to Prolog III.
The Role of Frame-Based Representation in Reasoning.
Spatial Hypertext: Designing for Change.
Anchoring Data Quality Dimensions in Ontological Foundations.
Machine Transliteration.
Metropolis: An Integrated Electronic System Design Environment.
ClearBoard: A Seamless Medium for Shared Drawing and Conversation with Eye Contact.
ConNexus to awarenex: extending awareness to mobile users.
Formal ontology, conceptual analysis and knowledge representation.
Automating the Construction of Internet Portals with Machine Learning.
Graph minors. V. Excluding a planar graph.
Query Reformulation for Dynamic Information Integration.
Stability and Generalization.
ML-KNN: A lazy learning approach to multi-label learning.
A comprehensive survey of fitness approximation in evolutionary computation.
On Reduction-Based Process Semantics.
Prototyping Bubba, A Highly Parallel Database System.
Cluster Analysis for Gene Expression Data: A Survey.
Sequential abstract-state machines capture sequential algorithms.
A Model of Authorization for Next-Generation Database Systems.
Bilateral mesh denoising.
NoC Synthesis Flow for Customized Domain Specific Multiprocessor Systems-on-Chip.
Object-Oriented Development.
Allocating Independent Subtasks on Parallel Processors.
A Formal Model of Program Dependences and Its Implications for Software Testing, Debugging, and Maintenance.
Analyzing Regression Test Selection Techniques.
Data Mining Static Code Attributes to Learn Defect Predictors.
SCOPE: easy and efficient parallel processing of massive data sets.
Using Filtering Agents to Improve Prediction Quality in the GroupLens Research Collaborative Filtering System.
Monte Carlo Localization: Efficient Position Estimation for Mobile Robots.
Object-Oriented Multi-Methods in Cecil.
Atomic Transactions.
Scan primitives for GPU computing.
Practical Threshold Signatures.
Resource allocation problems - algorithmic approaches.
Uniqueness of the Gaussian Kernel for Scale-Space Filtering.
Feature Selection via Concave Minimization and Support Vector Machines.
The Wikipedia XML Corpus.
Complex Queries in DHT-based Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Managing Multi-Configuration Hardware via Dynamic Working Set Analysis.
A structured and scalable mechanism for test access to embedded reusable cores.
Theory and Practice in Parallel Job Scheduling.
Compositional Model Checking
MyLifeBits: fulfilling the Memex vision.
Hot topic: physical-layer network coding.
On the reduction of broadcast redundancy in mobile ad hoc networks.
On the performance of ad hoc networks with beamforming antennas.
A Laboratory for Teaching Object-Oriented Thinking.
Termination proofs for systems code.
Optimizing memory transactions.
GraphLog: a Visual Formalism for Real Life Recursion.
Beyond Uniformity and Independence: Analysis of R-trees Using the Concept of Fractal Dimension.
A Policy Language for a Pervasive Computing Environment.
Benchmarking GPUs to tune dense linear algebra.
Dynamics of IP Traffic: A Study of the Role of Variability and the Impact of Control.
Direct manipulation of free-form deformations.
Shape Transformation Using Variational Implicit Functions.
The Effect of Adding Relevance Information in a Relevance Feedback Environment.
From Structured Documents to Novel Query Facilities.
APEX: an adaptive path index for XML data.
On profit-maximizing envy-free pricing.
The LOCUS Distributed Operating System.
Multi-Prover Interactive Proofs: How to Remove Intractability Assumptions
Transforming cabbage into turnip: polynomial algorithm for sorting signed permutations by reversals.
The price of selfish routing.
A New SQL-like Operator for Mining Association Rules.
Potter's Wheel: An Interactive Data Cleaning System.
A Blackboard Architecture for Control.
The Spatial Semantic Hierarchy.
Sensor Fusion in Certainty Grids for Mobile Robots.
Multiprocessing Compactifying Garbage Collection.
A New Recursion-Theoretic Characterization of the Polytime Functions.
From User Access Patterns to Dynamic Hypertext Linking.
A Single-Chip Multiprocessor.
Software Pipelining.
Optimistic replication.
ZCS: A Zeroth Level Classifier System.
Verification of Real-Time Systems using Linear Relation Analysis.
A Fast Algorithm for Computing Multiplicative Inverses in GF(2^m) Using Normal Bases
Forward and Backward Simulations: I. Untimed Systems
Recognizing solid objects by alignment with an image.
Looking at, looking up or keeping up with people?: motives and use of facebook.
Affordance, conventions, and design.
Cryptographic Limitations on Learning Boolean Formulae and Finite Automata.
Fast Algorithms for Solving Path Problems.
The view from the left.
Top 10 algorithms in data mining.
The octagon abstract domain.
Semi-Supervised Learning on Riemannian Manifolds.
Learning String-Edit Distance.
Structural Matching by Discrete Relaxation.
Improving the Variable Ordering of OBDDs Is NP-Complete.
Formal molecular biology.
The Complexity of Mean Payoff Games on Graphs.
Secure and selective dissemination of XML documents.
A pairwise key predistribution scheme for wireless sensor networks.
A Guide to the Literature on Learning Probabilistic Networks from Data.
Privacy-Preserving Distributed Mining of Association Rules on Horizontally Partitioned Data.
Power minimization in IC design: principles and applications.
An Adaptive Data Replication Algorithm.
Signature Files: An Access Method for Documents and Its Analytical Performance Evaluation.
Applying associative retrieval techniques to alleviate the sparsity problem in collaborative filtering.
Composing Specifications.
Linear-Time Longest-Common-Prefix Computation in Suffix Arrays and Its Applications.
Foundations of Secure Interactive Computing.
First- and Second-Order Methods for Learning: Between Steepest Descent and Newton's Method.
Leakage aware dynamic voltage scaling for real-time embedded systems.
JouleTrack - A Web Based Tool for Software Energy Profiling.
Clustering with Instance-Level Constraints.
Distributed algorithmic mechanism design: recent results and future directions.
Interface Theories for Component-Based Design.
Proofs that Yield Nothing But their Validity and a Methodology of Cryptographic Protocol Design (Extended Abstract)
Automatic Identification of Word Translations from Unrelated English and German Corpora.
On the Complexity of omega-Automata
Clustering Algorithms.
A Probabilistic Room Location Service for Wireless Networked Environments.
Getting to the bottom of deep submicron.
User-tailorable systems: pressing the issues with buttons.
A Strategic Analysis of Electronic Marketplaces.
A Study of Permutation Crossover Operators on the Traveling Salesman Problem.
Providing a Unified Account of Definite Noun Phrases in Discourse.
Attacks on Steganographic Systems.
Sketch-based change detection: methods, evaluation, and applications.
Conquering aspects with Caesar.
Power conservation and quality of surveillance in target tracking sensor networks.
The bits and flops of the n-hop multilateration primitive for node localization problems.
Message-optimal connected dominating sets in mobile ad hoc networks.
ESRT: event-to-sink reliable transport in wireless sensor networks.
Checking System Rules Using System-Specific, Programmer-Written Compiler Extensions.
Interaction Nets.
Privacy in e-commerce: examining user scenarios and privacy preferences.
The hemi-cube: a radiosity solution for complex environments.
Fitting Smooth Surfaces to Dense Polygon Meshes.
Generic Text Summarization Using Relevance Measure and Latent Semantic Analysis.
Efficiently Supporting Ad Hoc Queries in Large Datasets of Time Sequences.
Quantum vs. Classical Communication and Computation.
Finding Similar Files in a Large File System.
Approximate Query Processing Using Wavelets.
Sampling-Based Estimation of the Number of Distinct Values of an Attribute.
Statistical properties of community structure in large social and information networks.
Nested Expressions in Logic Programs.
Reevaluating Amdahl's Law.
Multimedia Storage Servers: A Tutorial.
A Specifier's Introduction to Formal Methods.
More than dotting the i's - foundations for crossing-based interfaces.
Embodiment in Conversational Interfaces: Rea.
Computers are social actors.
Integration and Synchronization of Input Modes during Multimodal Human-Computer Interaction.
Matching Widely Separated Views Based on Affine Invariant Regions.
The Self-Serv Environment for Web Services Composition.
ROCK: A Robust Clustering Algorithm for Categorical Attributes.
The relational model with relation-valued attributes.
Contributions to the Theory of Logic Programming.
CP-nets: A Tool for Representing and Reasoning with Conditional Ceteris Paribus Preference Statements.
Wikify!: linking documents to encyclopedic knowledge.
Size-Estimation Framework with Applications to Transitive Closure and Reachability.
Surpassing the Information Theoretic Bound with Fusion Trees.
Conjunctive-Query Containment and Constraint Satisfaction.
Imagine: Media Processing with Streams.
Tree Induction for Probability-Based Ranking.
Constrained Restoration and the Recovery of Discontinuities.
User needs for location-aware mobile services.
The Daikon system for dynamic detection of likely invariants.
Succinct Representation of Balanced Parentheses and Static Trees.
PRIMA: passive reduced-order interconnect macromodeling algorithm.
Representation results for defeasible logic.
Exploiting Process Lifetime Distributions for Dynamic Load Balancing.
On the Correct Translation of Update Operations on Relational Views.
Modeling by example.
Efficient and Correct Execution of Parallel Programs that Share Memory.
Equivalence Between Two Flavours of Oblivious Transfers.
Towards Practical Public Key Systems Secure Against Chosen Ciphertext Attacks.
Autocalibration and the absolute quadric.
Interface-Based Design.
On problems without polynomial kernels.
Basic Description Logics.
Sharing Decryption in the Context of Voting or Lotteries.
Control-Theoretic Techniques and Thermal-RC Modeling for Accurate and Localized Dynamic Thermal Management.
Evaluating MapReduce for Multi-core and Multiprocessor Systems.
Proving termination with Multiset Orderings.
Efficient Visual Event Detection Using Volumetric Features.
Location Privacy in Mobile Systems: A Personalized Anonymization Model.
Disk Striping.
Efficient Mining of Frequent Subgraphs in the Presence of Isomorphism.
Universally Composable Notions of Key Exchange and Secure Channels.
Clustering with Instance-level Constraints.
Information-theoretic metric learning.
Memory Bandwidth Limitations of Future Microprocessors.
Random projection in dimensionality reduction: applications to image and text data.
Using Association Rules for Product Assortment Decisions: A Case Study.
Entropy-based Subspace Clustering for Mining Numerical Data.
A New Approach to Abstract Syntax Involving Binders.
Time synchronization in ad hoc networks.
MultiJava: modular open classes and symmetric multiple dispatch for Java.
Dimensions of Object-Based Language Design.
Schema mappings, data exchange, and metadata management.
Sensor network-based countersniper system.
Post-rendering 3D warping.
An Analysis of BGP Convergence Properties.
IP-Based Protocols for Mobile Internetworking.
Playing large games using simple strategies.
Graphical Modeling and Animation of Brittle Fracture.
Generating textures on arbitrary surfaces using reaction-diffusion.
On the Propagation of Errors in the Size of Join Results.
A Decentralized Model for Information Flow Control.
Frangipani: A Scalable Distributed File System.
SD3: A Trust Management System with Certified Evaluation.
I/O Complexity: The Red-Blue Pebble Game
Answering Queries with Aggregation Using Views.
Efficient Computation of the Skyline Cube.
A large-scale study of the evolution of web pages.
Development of an Object-Oriented DBMS.
A Multi-Radio Unification Protocol for IEEE 802.11 Wireless Networks.
Pex-White Box Test Generation for .NET.
All I Know: A Study in Autoepistemic Logic.
A Program Data Flow Analysis Procedure.
The Postgres Next Generation Database Management System.
Data Quality in Context.
Proactive Computing.
Using Unfoldings to Avoid the State Explosion Problem in the Verification of Asynchronous Circuits.
Towards Flexible Teamwork
Facial expression recognition from video sequences: temporal and static modeling.
Power browser: efficient Web browsing for PDAs.
Space-Scale Diagrams: Understanding Multiscale Interfaces.
Logic Programming in a Fragment of Intuitionistic Linear Logic
Dogear: Social bookmarking in the enterprise.
Footprints: History-Rich Tools for Information Foraging.
Lucas/Kanade Meets Horn/Schunck: Combining Local and Global Optic Flow Methods.
Model-based object pose in 25 lines of code.
Variations on the Common Subexpression Problem.
A Study of Approaches to Hypertext Categorization.
Factors That Influence the Social Dimension of Alignment Between Business and Information Technology Objectives.
Structural Graph Matching Using the EM Algorithm and Singular Value Decomposition.
Actions as Space-Time Shapes.
Approximate Max-Flow Min-(Multi)Cut Theorems and Their Applications.
The Wikipedia XML corpus.
From databases to dataspaces: a new abstraction for information management.
Inquiry-Based Requirements Analysis.
Developing multi-agent systems with a FIPA-compliant agent framework.
The Role Graph Model and Conflict of Interest.
Ray tracing on programmable graphics hardware.
Synthesizing physically realistic human motion in low-dimensional, behavior-specific spaces.
Latency-rate servers: a general model for analysis of traffic scheduling algorithms.
Linear scan register allocation.
Mercator: A Scalable, Extensible Web Crawler.
Expertise recommender: a flexible recommendation system and architecture.
Acting Optimally in Partially Observable Stochastic Domains.
Local Reasoning about Programs that Alter Data Structures.
Antecedents of B2C Channel Satisfaction and Preference: Validating e-Commerce Metrics.
Task scheduling and voltage selection for energy minimization.
A General Incremental Technique for Maintaining Discovered Association Rules.
Implicit Probabilistic Models of Human Motion for Synthesis and Tracking.
Flexible Alias Protection.
Hidden Fields Equations (HFE) and Isomorphisms of Polynomials (IP): Two New Families of Asymmetric Algorithms.
Extracting Paraphrases from a Parallel Corpus.
Inside-Outside Reestimation from Partially Bracketed Corpora.
The Expression of Graph Properties and Graph Transformations in Monadic Second-Order Logic.
Multipoint Relaying for Flooding Broadcast Messages in Mobile Wireless Networks.
ContextPhone: a prototyping platform for context-aware mobile applications.
Cyclic Association Rules.
Mining Frequent Item Sets with Convertible Constraints.
Why and Where: A Characterization of Data Provenance.
Warren's Abstract Machine.
A powerful and efficient algorithm for numerical function optimization: artificial bee colony (ABC) algorithm.
Mining metrics to predict component failures.
Populating a Release History Database from Version Control and Bug Tracking Systems.
The Multicluster Architecture: Reducing Cycle Time Through Partitioning.
A new model for packet scheduling in multihop wireless networks.
The feasibility of launching and detecting jamming attacks in wireless networks.
An Apriori-Based Algorithm for Mining Frequent Substructures from Graph Data.
Analysis of the evolution of peer-to-peer systems.
Data and Computation Transformations for Multiprocessors.
ISLANDER: an electronic institutions editor.
Towards Heterogeneous Multimedia Information Systems: The Garlic Approach.
Staying open to interpretation: engaging multiple meanings in design and evaluation.
The AppLeS Parameter Sweep Template: User-Level Middleware for the Grid.
Multicast routing in internetworks and extended LANs.
DTN routing as a resource allocation problem.
Multi-level direction of autonomous creatures for real-time virtual environments.
The VolumePro Real-Time Ray-Casting System.
An object-oriented 3D graphics toolkit.
Context-sensitive Learning Methods for Text Categorization.
Document clustering using word clusters via the information bottleneck method.
Variations in Relevance Judgments and the Measurement of Retrieval Effectiveness.
Embra: Fast and Flexible Machine Simulation.
Order-Preserving Encryption for Numeric Data.
Statistical Schema Matching across Web Query Interfaces.
Practical Selectivity Estimation through Adaptive Sampling.
Personalized privacy preservation.
Model management 2.0: manipulating richer mappings.
Exploiting Style in Architectural Design Environments.
Data streams: algorithms and applications.
Receipt-free secret-ballot elections (extended abstract).
lmbench: Portable Tools for Performance Analysis.
Fast Incremental Maintenance of Approximate Histograms.
A Foundation for Multi-dimensional Databases.
On Finding Duplication and Near-Duplication in Large Software Systems.
Shilling recommender systems for fun and profit.
Breadth-first crawling yields high-quality pages.
Design Prototypes: A Knowledge Representation Schema for Design.
Separate-and-Conquer Rule Learning.
Amorphous Computing.
Reduced Instruction Set Computers.
Prototyping for Tiny Fingers.
How dynamic is the Web?
Efficient Model Checking Using Tabled Resolution.
The Garp Architecture and C Compiler.
Using Occupancy Grids for Mobile Robot Perception and Navigation.
Dialogue Act Modeling for Automatic Tagging and Recognition of Conversational Speech
Analysis of a Cone-Based Distributed Topology Control Algorithm for Wireless Multi-hop Networks
Data Structures for Range Searching.
Algorithms and data structures for flash memories.
Signature Schemes Based on the Strong RSA Assumption.
Countering code-injection attacks with instruction-set randomization.
Discovery of Frequent DATALOG Patterns.
Evolutionary Algorithms for Constrained Parameter Optimization Problems.
RFID Systems and Security and Privacy Implications.
The notification collage: posting information to public and personal displays.
Virtualized Reality: Constructing Virtual Worlds from Real Scenes.
He says, she says: conflict and coordination in Wikipedia.
Activity sensing in the wild: a field trial of ubifit garden.
E-mail as habitat: an exploration of embedded personal information management.
Topological approaches to covering rough sets.
A needed narrowing strategy.
A Theory of Program Size Formally Identical to Information Theory.
Towards Flexible Teamwork.
Evaluation of hierarchical clustering algorithms for document datasets.
Review: Knowledge Management and Knowledge Management Systems: Conceptual Foundations and Research Issues.
Vision for Mobile Robot Navigation: A Survey.
One-Shot Learning of Object Categories.
FloatBoost Learning and Statistical Face Detection.
Automatic Classification of Single Facial Images.
A Fast Parametric Maximum Flow Algorithm and Applications.
Sparse Approximate Solutions to Linear Systems.
Link mining: a survey.
Complexity measures and decision tree complexity: a survey.
Supporting structured credentials and sensitive policies through interoperable strategies for automated trust negotiation.
Practical Data-Oriented Microaggregation for Statistical Disclosure Control.
Free-viewpoint video of human actors.
Geometric Structures for Three-Dimensional Shape Representation.
Spacetime faces: high resolution capture for modeling and animation.
Optimally Profiling and Tracing Programs.
Test Selection Based on Finite State Models.
Ontologies are us: A unified model of social networks and semantics.
All-or-Nothing Disclosure of Secrets.
Public-key cryptosystems from the worst-case shortest vector problem: extended abstract.
Separation of Duty in Role-based Environments.
Fuzzy logic, neural networks and soft computing.
Research Commentary: Information Systems and Conceptual Modeling - A Research Agenda.
Non-parametric Model for Background Subtraction.
Estimation of Relative Camera Positions for Uncalibrated Cameras.
PARADISE: A Framework for Evaluating Spoken Dialogue Agents.
Software Rejuvenation: Analysis, Module and Applications.
A Delay Model and Speculative Architecture for Pipelined Routers.
Dynamic Voltage Scaling with Links for Power Optimization of Interconnection Networks.
A Petri Net-based Model for Web Service Composition.
Introduction to circuit complexity - a uniform approach.
Advanced methods in neural computing.
A New Sense for Depth of Field.
Finding Multimodal Solutions Using Restricted Tournament Selection.
Universally Composable Commitments.
First-Order Dynamic Logic
LaSSIE: a Knowledge-based Software Information System.
Requirements engineering in the year 00: a research perspective.
Hiding Routing Information.
Techniques for Multicore Thermal Management: Classification and New Exploration.
Foundational Proof-Carrying Code.
The Glory of the Past.
Minos: Control Data Attack Prevention Orthogonal to Memory Model.
A Systematic Methodology to Compute the Architectural Vulnerability Factors for a High-Performance Microprocessor.
Adaptive Disk Spin-down Policies for Mobile Computers.
A user attention model for video summarization.
Semi-Supervised Support Vector Machines.
Classification by Pairwise Coupling.
EM Algorithms for PCA and SPCA.
Towards a Metrics Suite for Object Oriented Design.
Virtual Classes: A Powerful Mechanism in Object-Oriented Programming.
Using Magpie for Request Extraction and Workload Modelling.
Program Optimization for Instruction Caches.
Units: Cool Modules for HOT Languages.
Provenance semirings.
Integrating Multimedia Applications in Hard Real-Time Systems.
The Case of the Missing Supercomputer Performance: Achieving Optimal Performance on the 8, 192 Processors of ASCI Q.
In VINI veritas: realistic and controlled network experimentation.
Observations on the Dynamics of a Congestion Control Algorithm: The Effects of Two-Way Traffic.
A progressive refinement approach to fast radiosity image generation.
Composable controllers for physics-based character animation.
3-subdivision.
Procedural modeling of cities.
An efficient representation for irradiance environment maps.
Rendering with Concentric Mosaics.
Wires: A Geometric Deformation Technique.
Combining Classifiers in Text Categorization.
An analytical model for multi-tier internet services and its applications.
Information Sharing Across Private Databases.
Encapsulation of Parallelism in the Volcano Query Processing System.
Ripple Joins for Online Aggregation.
Predicate Migration: Optimizing Queries with Expensive Predicates.
Approximate Medians and other Quantiles in One Pass and with Limited Memory.
Semantics-Aware Malware Detection.
Efficient Exact Set-Similarity Joins.
Indexing the Distance: An Efficient Method to KNN Processing.
Larks: Dynamic Matchmaking Among Heterogeneous Software Agents in Cyberspace.
Report on the algorithmic language ALGOL 60.
Fuzzy Logic, Neural Networks, and Soft Computing.
Software Defect Reduction Top 10 List.
Adaptive Disk Spin-Down Policies for Mobile Computers.
Obfuscation of executable code to improve resistance to static disassembly.
Attribute-based encryption with non-monotonic access structures.
Socially Translucent Systems: Social Proxies, Persistent Conversation, and the Design of ``Babble''.
The bubble cursor: enhancing target acquisition by dynamic resizing of the cursor's activation area.
Algorithms for Approximate String Matching
Computing Large Deformation Metric Mappings via Geodesic Flows of Diffeomorphisms.
Current Solutions for Web Service Composition.
Constructive and axiomatic approaches of fuzzy approximation operators.
The String B-tree: A New Data Structure for String Search in External Memory and Its Applications.
Heavy-Tailed Phenomena in Satisfiability and Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Agent Technology: Foundations, Applications and Markets.
Data Cube Approximation and Histograms via Wavelets.
The Hardness of Approximate Optima in Lattices, Codes, and Systems of Linear Equations.
Clustering with Bregman Divergences.
Cell Multiprocessor Communication Network: Built for Speed.
Practical Issues in Temporal Difference Learning.
Trace Inference, Curvature Consistency, and Curve Detection.
Faster Scaling Algorithms for Network Problems.
A Polynomial Approximation Scheme for Scheduling on Uniform Processors: Using the Dual Approximation Approach.
Transaction level modeling: an overview.
A survey of kernels for structured data.
Algorithms for Reporting and Counting Geometric Intersections.
Non-iterative, feature-preserving mesh smoothing.
xlinkit: a consistency checking and smart link generation service.
Locating Features in Source Code.
CTTE: Support for Developing and Analyzing Task Models for Interactive System Design.
Multidimensional Transfer Functions for Interactive Volume Rendering.
Using Bayesian Networks to Manage Uncertainty in Student Modeling.
The dynamics of viral marketing.
On Similarity Queries for Time-Series Data: Constraint Specification and Implementation.
PRISM: Probabilistic Symbolic Model Checker.
Public-Key Cryptosystems from Lattice Reduction Problems.
Cryptoanalysis of the Matsumoto and Imai Public Key Scheme of Eurocrypt'88.
Hey, you, get off of my cloud: exploring information leakage in third-party compute clouds.
Addressing the System-on-a-Chip Interconnect Woes Through Communication-Based Design.
WordNet: : Similarity - Measuring the Relatedness of Concepts.
XPath: Looking Forward.
Computationally Private Information Retrieval with Polylogarithmic Communication.
Clause Restructuring for Statistical Machine Translation.
Algorithmic Applications of Low-Distortion Geometric Embeddings.
Towards a Characterization of Truthful Combinatorial Auctions.
An approach for QoS-aware service composition based on genetic algorithms.
Unification Revisited
An Online Credential Repository for the Grid: MyProxy.
Terabit burst switching.
BIDE: Efficient Mining of Frequent Closed Sequences.
Cost-Sensitive Learning by Cost-Proportionate Example Weighting.
XPath Containment in the Presence of Disjunction, DTDs, and Variables.
Rotation, scale and translation invariant spread spectrum digital image watermarking.
Model-driven Development of Complex Software: A Research Roadmap.
ELM-ART: An Intelligent Tutoring System on World Wide Web.
Towards parameter-free data mining.
Trajectory pattern mining.
Highly Accurate Data Value Prediction Using Hybrid Predictors.
An Introduction to Trellis/Owl.
Customization: Optimizing Compiler Technology for SELF, A Dynamically-Typed Object-Oriented Programming Language.
Proving the Correctness of Reactive Systems Using Sized Types.
An overview of the BlueGene/L Supercomputer.
Sensing meets mobile social networks: the design, implementation and evaluation of the cenceme application.
Potential Benefits of Delta Encoding and Data Compression for HTTP.
Hourly analysis of a very large topically categorized web query log.
The Importance of Prior Probabilities for Entry Page Search.
The EXODUS Optimizer Generator.
Selective families, superimposed codes, and broadcasting on unknown radio networks.
The Flux OSKit: A Substrate for Kernel and Language Research.
Efficient probabilistically checkable proofs and applications to approximations.
Undirected ST-connectivity in log-space.
Maximal Vector Computation in Large Data Sets.
Optimization of Nonrecursive Queries.
Super-peer-based routing and clustering strategies for RDF-based peer-to-peer networks.
Scaling up all pairs similarity search.
On the performance of artificial bee colony (ABC) algorithm.
A comprehensive evaluation of multicategory classification methods for microarray gene expression cancer diagnosis.
An Effective Way to Represent Quadtrees.
LEDA: A Platform for Combinatorial and Geometric Computing.
Generating Natural Language Summaries from Multiple On-Line Sources.
PARADISE: A Framework for Evaluating Spoken Dialogue Agents
Building Domain-Specific Embedded Languages.
Interoperability of Multiple Autonomous Databases.
The Family of Concurrent Logic Programming Languages.
Word sense disambiguation: A survey.
Classes of Graphs Which Approximate the Complete Euclidean Graph.
Credit rating analysis with support vector machines and neural networks: a market comparative study.
The technology acceptance model and the World Wide Web.
Multi-objective Genetic Algorithms: Problem Difficulties and Construction of Test Problems.
Resource Access Control in Systems of Mobile Agents.
Evaluation Techniques for Storage Hierarchies.
Sharing Memory Robustly in Message-Passing Systems.
On the Average Number of Maxima in a Set of Vectors and Applications.
Slowing down sorting networks to obtain faster sorting algorithms.
On compiling queries in recursive first-order databases.
Computer Evaluation of Indexing and Text Processing.
Certificate Chain Discovery in SPKI/SDSI.
Feature Extraction by Non-Parametric Mutual Information Maximization.
Use of the Zero-Norm with Linear Models and Kernel Methods.
Hyperelliptic Cryptosystems.
QNoC: QoS architecture and design process for network on chip.
Texture Classification by Wavelet Packet Signatures.
Multiple NonInteractive Zero Knowledge Proofs Under General Assumptions.
Learning Question Classifiers.
A Partial Scan Method for Sequential Circuits with Feedback.
Peer-to-Peer Membership Management for Gossip-Based Protocols.
Tight Bounds on the Complexity of Parallel Sorting.
Decrypting a Class of Stream Ciphers Using Ciphertext Only.
The MOLEN Polymorphic Processor.
Inheritance of workflows: an approach to tackling problems related to change.
Dealing with mobility: understanding access anytime, anywhere.
The hB-Tree: A Multiattribute Indexing Method with Good Guaranteed Performance.
SCAPE: shape completion and animation of people.
A data-driven reflectance model.
A Federated Architecture for Information Management.
Technological Frames: Making Sense of Information Technology in Organizations.
Mixin layers: an object-oriented implementation technique for refinements and collaboration-based designs.
Test Case Prioritization: A Family of Empirical Studies.
Towards a Framework for Software Measurement Validation.
Design and Development of Multidevice User Interfaces through Multiple Logical Descriptions.
Mining Version Histories to Guide Software Changes.
Semantic and Schematic Similarities Between Database Objects: A Context-Based Approach.
Changes in Web Client Access Patterns: Characteristics and Caching Implications.
Research Report: Empirical Test of an EDI Adoption Model.
The Price of Robustness.
Table Extraction Using Conditional Random Fields.
Grammatical Evolution: Evolving Programs for an Arbitrary Language.
Coding Facial Expressions with Gabor Wavelets.
Finding Patterns in Time Series: A Dynamic Programming Approach.
Runahead Execution: An Alternative to Very Large Instruction Windows for Out-of-Order Processors.
A Directory Service for Configuring High-Performance Distributed Computations.
Smart-Its Friends: A Technique for Users to Easily Establish Connections between Smart Artefacts.
Privacy by Design - Principles of Privacy-Aware Ubiquitous Systems.
A Fast Iterative Shrinkage-Thresholding Algorithm for Linear Inverse Problems.
Finite transition systems - semantics of communicating systems.
Efficiently Mining Maximal Frequent Itemsets.
Adaptive Selection Methods for Genetic Algorithms.
Exploration and virtual camera control in virtual three dimensional environments.
A Deductive System for Non-Monotonic Reasoning.
The cricket compass for context-aware mobile applications.
Precise Concrete Type Inference for Object-Oriented Languages.
Typechecking for XML Transformers.
Theoretical foundations for compensations in flow composition languages.
A Flexible Approach to Interprocedural Data Flow Analysis and Programs with Recursive Data Structures.
Scanning Polyhedra with DO Loops.
Mitigating congestion in wireless sensor networks.
Improving the Start-Up Behavior of a Congestion Control Scheme for TCP.
Algorithms to accelerate multiple regular expressions matching for deep packet inspection.
OpenDHT: a public DHT service and its uses.
Cognitive Modeling: Knowledge, Reasoning and Planning for Intelligent Characters.
Orientable textures for image-based pen-and-ink illustration.
A Study of Integrated Prefetching and Caching Strategies.
MonetDB/XQuery: a fast XQuery processor powered by a relational engine.
Randomized Algorithms for Optimizing Large Join Queries.
Rondo: A Programming Platform for Generic Model Management.
Efficient set joins on similarity predicates.
Separating key management from file system security.
Alert Correlation in a Cooperative Intrusion Detection Framework.
Low-Cost Traffic Analysis of Tor.
A Type-Based Approach to Program Security.
Design Tradeoffs for SSD Performance.
What Is the Nearest Neighbor in High Dimensional Spaces?
MV3R-Tree: A Spatio-Temporal Access Method for Timestamp and Interval Queries.
Meteor-s web service annotation framework.
A content-driven reputation system for the wikipedia.
Thorough static analysis of device drivers.
General Purpose Parallel Architectures.
Cooperative Multi-Agent Learning: The State of the Art.
Quantifying Inductive Bias: AI Learning Algorithms and Valiant's Learning Framework.
Proving Termination with Multiset Orderings.
LaSSIE: A Knowledge-Based Software Information System.
Distributed Processes: A Concurrent Programming Concept.
PipeRench: A Reconfigurable Architecture and Compiler.
The Computation of Optical Flow.
The state of the art in locally distributed Web-server systems.
Access Methods for Text.
Comparison of Access Methods for Time-Evolving Data.
Multiresolution elastic matching.
Proactive Public Key and Signature Systems.
A Probabilistic Poly-Time Framework for Protocol Analysis.
An Explication of Secret Sharing Schemes.
Information Archiving with Bookmarks: Personal Web Space Construction and Organization.
Storytelling with digital photographs.
Symmetry and Model Checking.
The Amsterdam Library of Object Images.
Smart mobs: the next social revolution.
NC-Approximation Schemes for NP- and PSPACE-Hard Problems for Geometric Graphs.
Competitive Algorithms for Server Problems.
A Combinatorial Algorithm Minimizing Submodular Functions in Strongly Polynomial Time.
A Foundation for Actor Computation.
Scheduling Parallel Program Tasks onto Arbitrary Target Machines.
Boolean Feature Discovery in Empirical Learning.
Shortest paths algorithms: Theory and experimental evaluation.
Shape Similarity Measure Based on Correspondence of Visual Parts.
The Combination of Evidence in the Transferable Belief Model.
Camera Calibration with Distortion Models and Accuracy Evaluation.
Fixed-Parameter Tractability and Completeness I: Basic Results.
Simple Generational Garbage Collection and Fast Allocation.
Transparent Process Migration: Design Alternatives and the Sprite Implementation.
Benchmarking Attribute Selection Techniques for Discrete Class Data Mining.
CLARANS: A Method for Clustering Objects for Spatial Data Mining.
The HP AutoRAID Hierarchical Storage System.
Data exchange: getting to the core.
Implementation of Logical Query Languages for Databases.
Pointshop 3D: an interactive system for point-based surface editing.
I-Structures: Data Structures for Parallel Computing.
Strategies for Dynamic Load Balancing on Highly Parallel Computers.
Techniques for Addressing Fundamental Privacy and Disruption Tradeoffs in Awareness Support Systems.
80 Million Tiny Images: A Large Data Set for Nonparametric Object and Scene Recognition.
A Meta-Notation for Protocol Analysis.
TwitterRank: finding topic-sensitive influential twitterers.
SURF: Speeded Up Robust Features.
Priced Oblivious Transfer: How to Sell Digital Goods.
A Comparison of Statecharts Variants.
Task scheduling in parallel and distributed systems.
Sentiment Analyzer: Extracting Sentiments about a Given Topic using Natural Language Processing Techniques.
Towards image realism with interactive update rates in complex virtual building environments.
CoCheck: Checkpointing and Process Migration for MPI.
Speculative precomputation: long-range prefetching of delinquent loads.
Multiple-banked register file architectures.
Evaluating Stream Buffers as a Secondary Cache Replacement.
Low-Latency Virtual-Channel Routers for On-Chip Networks.
JAsCo: an aspect-oriented approach tailored for component based software development.
Design issues for dynamic voltage scaling.
Comparison of Schema Matching Evaluations.
A Dynamic Multithreading Processor.
Checkpoint Processing and Recovery: Towards Scalable Large Instruction Window Processors.
Speculative lock elision: enabling highly concurrent multithreaded execution.
A Bandwidth-efficient Architecture for Media Processing.
Geographic location tags on digital images.
Capacity of multi-channel wireless networks: impact of number of channels and interfaces.
Experimental evaluation of wireless simulation assumptions.
Kernel PCA and De-Noising in Feature Spaces.
A Fast Distributed Algorithm for Mining Association Rules.
eNVy: A Non-Volatile, Main Memory Storage System.
Partial Online Cycle Elimination in Inclusion Constraint Graphs.
Ultra-fast Aliasing Analysis using CLA: A Million Lines of C Code in a Second.
E-services: a look behind the curtain.
Guarded recursive datatype constructors.
Pseudonym Systems.
Warp: an integrated solution of high-speed parallel computing.
Embracing wireless interference: analog network coding.
Hierarchical B-spline refinement.
A Non-photorealistic Lighting Model for Automatic Technical Illustration.
Making Faces.
The accumulation buffer: hardware support for high-quality rendering.
Free-Form Deformations with Lattices of Arbitrary Topology.
A Multiscale Model of Adaptation and Spatial Vision for Realistic Image Display.
Dependence language model for information retrieval.
Table extraction using conditional random fields.
Schema and ontology matching with COMA++.
Efficient similarity search and classification via rank aggregation.
PREFER: A System for the Efficient Execution of Multi-parametric Ranked Queries.
Effective keyword search in relational databases.
Interprocedural dependence analysis and parallelization.
Software Reflexion Models: Bridging the Gap Between Source and High-Level Models.
A Fast Automaton-Based Method for Detecting Anomalous Program Behaviors.
3D Shape Histograms for Similarity Search and Classification in Spatial Databases.
The World Through the Computer: Computer Augmented Interaction with Real World Environments.
Pict: a programming language based on the Pi-Calculus.
Finding advertising keywords on web pages.
Experiences with an Interactive Museum Tour-Guide Robot.
A Bayesian Model of Plan Recognition.
An Algorithm for Probabilistic Planning.
The Impact of Information Systems on Organizations and Markets.
The British Nationality Act as a Logic Program.
Regular Model Checking.
SilkRoute: trading between relations and XML.
A Program for Aligning Sentences in Bilingual Corpora.
Power: A First-Class Architectural Design Constraint.
Join Processing in Relational Databases.
Interestingness measures for data mining: A survey.
Control-flow integrity.
Content-Based Video Indexing and Retrieval.
Finding usability problems through heuristic evaluation.
Predicting text entry speed on mobile phones.
Unremarkable computing.
On Space-Time Interest Points.
Making Computers Easier for Older Adults to Use: Area Cursors and Sticky Icons.
Using explicit ontologies in KBS development.
Surface shape and curvature scales.
A Delaunay Refinement Algorithm for Quality 2-Dimensional Mesh Generation.
Quickly Excluding a Planar Graph.
Negation in Logic Programming.
Round Robin Classification.
Learning Multiple Tasks with Kernel Methods.
Separating Style and Content with Bilinear Models.
Competitive learning algorithms for vector quantization.
Person Identification Using Multiple Cues.
A Multichannel Approach to Fingerprint Classification.
Model-Driven Development: A Metamodeling Foundation.
A Refactoring Tool for Smalltalk.
Caching on the World Wide Web.
Stable but responsive cloth.
Ridge-valley lines on meshes via implicit surface fitting.
Motion capture assisted animation: texturing and synthesis.
Using the SimOS Machine Simulator to Study Complex Computer Systems.
Synthesis of Communicating Processes from Temporal Logic Specifications.
Service oriented architectures: approaches, technologies and research issues.
Shared Generation of Authenticators and Signatures (Extended Abstract).
Instant messaging in teen life.
Speaker identification and verification using Gaussian mixture speaker models.
Shape Indexing Using Approximate Nearest-Neighbour Search in High-Dimensional Spaces.
Analyzing Market-Based Resource Allocation Strategies for the Computational Grid.
Using Model Checking to Generate Tests from Requirements Specifications.
Which Aesthetic has the Greatest Effect on Human Understanding?
Managing power and performance for System-on-Chip designs using Voltage Islands.
Sparse matrix test problems.
In Defence of the 8-Point Algorithm.
Hermes: A Distributed Event-Based Middleware Architecture.
Exploring the factors associated with Web site success in the context of electronic commerce.
Examining the Technology Acceptance Model Using Physician Acceptance of Telemedicine Technology.
Modeling and Segmentation of Noisy and Textured Images Using Gibbs Random Fields.
A Lightweight RFID Protocol to protect against Traceability and Cloning attacks.
Nonlinear black-box modeling in system identification: a unified overview.
AEGIS: architecture for tamper-evident and tamper-resistant processing.
Generating statechart designs from scenarios.
Conflict-Driven Answer Set Solving.
Understanding churn in peer-to-peer networks.
NanoFabrics: spatial computing using molecular electronics.
Increasing Processor Performance by Implementing Deeper Pipelines.
Contrast-based image attention analysis by using fuzzy growing.
A Shortest Path Dependency Kernel for Relation Extraction.
Documenting Frameworks using Patterns.
Scalability and Accuracy in a Large-Scale Network Emulator.
A Fast Fourier Transform Compiler.
Lifetime-Sensitive Modulo Scheduling.
Lazy Code Motion.
Non-Cryptographic Fault-Tolerant Computing in Constant Number of Rounds of Interaction.
Synthesis of interface specifications for Java classes.
Self-Similarity Through High-Variability: Statistical Analysis of Ethernet LAN Traffic at the Source Level.
Plenoptic sampling.
Self-tuning Histograms: Building Histograms Without Looking at Data.
Rx: treating bugs as allergies - a safe method to survive software failures.
Pixy: A Static Analysis Tool for Detecting Web Application Vulnerabilities (Short Paper).
What's decidable about hybrid automata?
Nearly-linear time algorithms for graph partitioning, graph sparsification, and solving linear systems.
Boolean and Cartesian Abstraction for Model Checking C Programs.
Probabilistic Models for Unified Collaborative and Content-Based Recommendation in Sparse-Data Environments.
Simplifying surfaces with color and texture using quadric error metrics.
Querying Shapes of Histories.
Computing Geographical Scopes of Web Resources.
Knowledge Discovery in Databases: An Attribute-Oriented Approach.
Fast Computation of Sparse Datacubes.
Querying XML Views of Relational Data.
Improved annotation of the blogosphere via autotagging and hierarchical clustering.
Automatic web news extraction using tree edit distance.
Data extraction and label assignment for web databases.
The reacTable: exploring the synergy between live music performance and tabletop tangible interfaces.
Models of Incremental Concept Formation.
The design and implementation of VAMPIRE.
Design of a separable transition-diagram compiler.
Password Security - A Case History.
Scalability and accuracy in a large-scale network emulator.
Self-Organization in a Perceptual Network.
Approximate String Matching.
Efficient Partition Trees.
OBSERVER: An Approach for Query Processing in Global Information Systems Based on Interoperation Across Pre-Existing Ontologies.
Semantic pointing: improving target acquisition with control-display ratio adaptation.
Understanding photowork.
A Riemannian Framework for Tensor Computing.
Task Complexity Affects Information Seeking and Use.
Renaming in an Asynchronous Environment
Applications of Path Compression on Balanced Trees.
Fast Randomized Consensus Using Shared Memory.
Combining Fuzzy Information from Multiple Systems.
Pseudorandom Generators without the XOR Lemma.
Emergence of Phase- and Shift-Invariant Features by Decomposition of Natural Images into Independent Feature Subspaces.
Analysis and Synthesis of Facial Image Sequences Using Physical and Anatomical Models.
Robust Object Recognition with Cortex-Like Mechanisms.
A new curve detection method: Randomized Hough transform (RHT).
Fast Algorithms for Shortest Paths in Planar Graphs, with Applications.
Languages that Capture Complexity Classes.
On the Power of Quantum Computation.
Labelling Graphs with a Condition at Distance 2.
Exploring the Similarity Space.
Model Transformation: The Heart and Soul of Model-Driven Software Development.
Binary Decision Diagrams.
A Survey of Web Information Extraction Systems.
Impact of Human Mobility on Opportunistic Forwarding Algorithms.
Distributed Process Groups in the V Kernel
Deriving traffic demands for operational IP networks: methodology and experience.
Dynamic Typing in a Statically Typed Language.
An Extended Localized Algorithm for Connected Dominating Set Formation in Ad Hoc Wireless Networks.
Power-Aware Localized Routing in Wireless Networks.
Does Code Decay? Assessing the Evidence from Change Management Data.
Handling Obstacles in Goal-Oriented Requirements Engineering.
A State-of-the-Art Survey on Software Merging.
ThemeRiver: Visualizing Thematic Changes in Large Document Collections.
Multilevel hypergraph partitioning: applications in VLSI domain.
Efficient Generation of Shared RSA Keys (Extended Abstract).
Identity Escrow.
Faltering from Ethnography to Design.
Design of a Multi-Media Vehicle for Social Browsing.
Collection tree protocol.
Automatic construction of a hypernym-labeled noun hierarchy from text.
Immediate-Head Parsing for Language Models.
W4: Who? When? Where? What? A Real Time System for Detecting and Tracking People.
Reasoning about The Past with Two-Way Automata.
Hybrid intelligent algorithms and applications.
Distance Metric Learning for Large Margin Nearest Neighbor Classification.
Creating Efficient Codebooks for Visual Recognition.
The Curvature Primal Sketch.
Key-Insulated Public-Key Cryptosystems.
Apprenticeship learning via inverse reinforcement learning.
Ridge Regression Learning Algorithm in Dual Variables.
Self-taught learning: transfer learning from unlabeled data.
A solution to line-routing problems on the continuous plane.
Erasure Coding Vs. Replication: A Quantitative Comparison.
A Preliminary Architecture for a Basic Data Flow Processor.
Improving Code Density Using Compression Techniques.
Scheduling On-Demand Broadcasts: New Metrics and Algorithms.
Removing Unnecessary Synchronization in Java.
Compiler Optimizations for Improving Data Locality.
AVIO: detecting atomicity violations via access interleaving invariants.
Thin Locks: Featherweight Synchronization for Java.
Unifying Data and Control Transformations for Distributed Shared Memory Machines.
Optimizing Dynamically-Dispatched Calls with Run-Time Type Feedback.
An Overview of Query Optimization in Relational Systems.
Controlling Interference in Ambients.
Medians and beyond: new aggregation techniques for sensor networks.
Meridian: a lightweight network location service without virtual coordinates.
Challenges, design and analysis of a large-scale p2p-vod system.
Video Rewrite: driving visual speech with audio.
Using terminological feedback for web search refinement: a log-based study.
Topical locality in the Web.
Eye-tracking analysis of user behavior in WWW search.
Word Sense Disambiguation and Information Retrieval.
Distance-Based Indexing for High-Dimensional Metric Spaces.
Querying Object-Oriented Databases.
Bogor: an extensible and highly-modular software model checking framework.
Guidelines for Using Multiple Views in Information Visualization.
Fast Algorithms for Sorting and Searching Strings.
PayWord and MicroMint: Two Simple Micropayment Schemes.
Simultaneous Hardcore Bits and Cryptography against Memory Attacks.
PlayAnywhere: a compact interactive tabletop projection-vision system.
A Scalable Algorithm for Answering Queries Using Views.
LEO - DB2's LEarning Optimizer.
Securing ad hoc routing protocols.
Learning block importance models for web pages.
The battle against phishing: Dynamic Security Skins.
On the Relative Expressiveness of Description Logics and Predicate Logics.
The next step in Web services.
Algorithm = Logic + Control.
MinneSPEC: A New SPEC Benchmark Workload for Simulation-Based Computer Architecture Research.
Link prediction and path analysis using Markov chains.
CVC3.
Implementing a Sentient Computing System.
Algorithms for Scheduling Imprecise Computations.
Model-Integrated Computing.
A survey of approaches and challenges in 3D and multi-modal 3D + 2D face recognition.
Group signatures with verifier-local revocation.
Silicon physical random functions.
On the effectiveness of address-space randomization.
On the relationship between some extensions of fuzzy set theory.
What makes Web sites credible?: a report on a large quantitative study.
Overview of the IBM Java Just-in-Time Compiler.
Articulated Body Motion Capture by Stochastic Search.
A Statistical Approach to Texture Classification from Single Images.
On the unification of line processes, outlier rejection, and robust statistics with applications in early vision.
Constructing literature abstracts by computer: Techniques and prospects.
Reasoning about Systems with Many Processes.
Beyond the Flow Decomposition Barrier.
On clusterings: Good, bad and spectral.
Visualizing a Discipline: An Author Co-Citation Analysis of Information Science, 1972-1995.
Consensus Clustering: A Resampling-Based Method for Class Discovery and Visualization of Gene Expression Microarray Data.
Multiple paired forward and inverse models for motor control.
Systematic Methods for the Computation of the Directional Fields and Singular Points of Fingerprints.
Color Constant Color Indexing.
Shape from Focus.
Recovery of Parametric Models from Range Images: The Case for Superquadrics with Global Deformations.
The Stochastic Rendezvous Network Model for Performance of Synchronous Client-Server-like Distributed Software.
Searching and Pebbling.
Bigtable: A Distributed Storage System for Structured Data.
Logic-Based Approach to Semantic Query Optimization.
Transaction Management in the R* Distributed Database Management System.
Wang Tiles for image and texture generation.
Mean value coordinates for closed triangular meshes.
Office Procedure as Practical Action: Models of Work and System Design.
Video abstraction: A systematic review and classification.
Analyzing peer-to-peer traffic across large networks.
Basic Techniques for the Efficient Coordination of Very Large Numbers of Cooperating Sequential Processors.
Finite Differencing of Computable Expressions.
Incremental Context-Dependent Analysis for Language-Based Editors.
The Chaining Approach for Software Test Data Generation.
Toolkit Design for Interactive Structured Graphics.
Graph evolution: Densification and shrinking diameters.
When do changes induce fixes?
Robust analysis of feature spaces: color image segmentation.
The GrADS Project: Software Support for High-Level Grid Application Development.
Sequential Circuit Verification Using Symbolic Model Checking.
Reducing Power in High-Performance Microprocessors.
CyberCode: designing augmented reality environments with visual tags.
SEPIA: A Cooperative Hypermedia Authoring Environment.
Implementing Layered Designs with Mixin Layers.
CAPTCHA: Using Hard AI Problems for Security.
Collision-Free Accumulators and Fail-Stop Signature Schemes Without Trees.
Dependency Treelet Translation: Syntactically Informed Phrasal SMT.
AR-SMT: A Microarchitectural Approach to Fault Tolerance in Microprocessors.
Speculative Data-Driven Multithreading.
NetBench: A Benchmarking Suite for Network Processors.
Noise in deep submicron digital design.
Semantics with applications - a formal introduction.
SEA-CNN: Scalable Processing of Continuous K-Nearest Neighbor Queries in Spatio-temporal Databases.
Proxy signatures, Revisited.
How to Model an Internetwork.
Planar-Adaptive Routing: Low-cost Adaptive Networks for Multiprocessors.
The Optimal Logic Depth Per Pipeline Stage is 6 to 8 FO4 Inverter Delays.
Interconnections in Multi-Core Architectures: Understanding Mechanisms, Overheads and Scaling.
Microscopic evolution of social networks.
Processor Acceleration Through Automated Instruction Set Customization.
On the impact of alternate path routing for load balancing in mobile ad hoc networks.
Geometric spanner for routing in mobile networks.
Asynchronous wakeup for ad hoc networks.
Scalable propagation-based call graph construction algorithms.
iPlane: An Information Plane for Distributed Services.
Fine-grain Access Control for Distributed Shared Memory.
Real-Time Concurrent Collection on Stock Multiprocessors.
KISS: keep it simple and sequential.
Data mining, Hypergraph Transversals, and Machine Learning.
Typed Memory Management in a Calculus of Capabilities.
A Concurrent, Generational Garbage Collector for a Multithreaded Implementation of ML.
The Theory and Practice of First-Class Prompts.
Principles of OBJ2.
A Lazy Evaluator.
Manifest Types, Modules, and Separate Compilation.
Solving Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems Using Cooperative Mediation.
Global Illumination using Photon Maps.
Ultra-low duty cycle MAC with scheduled channel polling.
Quality of Service Based Routing: A Performance Perspective.
Start-Time Fair Queueing: A Scheduling Algorithm for Integrated Services Packet Switching Networks.
Measuring link bandwidths using a deterministic model of packet delay.
Generating antialiased images at low sampling densities.
Object shape and reflectance modeling from observation.
Texture synthesis on surfaces.
Spot noise texture synthesis for data visualization.
Performance-driven facial animation.
Inverse Global Illumination: Recovering Reflectance Models of Real Scenes from Photographs.
Passage Retrieval Revisited.
Evaluating and Optimizing Autonomous Text Classification Systems.
Cross-Language Information Retrieval Based on Parallel Texts and Automatic Mining of Parallel Texts from the Web.
Objects and Views.
Efficient View Maintenance at Data Warehouses.
Meaningful Change Detection in Structured Data.
A Monte Carlo algorithm for fast projective clustering.
Dynamic multidimensional histograms.
Trajectory clustering: a partition-and-group framework.
Identifying meaningful return information for XML keyword search.
On the Generation of Spatiotemporal Datasets.
Optimal Algorithms for Approximate Clustering
Story Diagrams: A New Graph Rewrite Language Based on the Unified Modeling Language and Java.
Dynamic View-Dependent Simplification for Polygonal Models.
The Theory of Probabilistic Databases.
Local Dimensionality Reduction: A New Approach to Indexing High Dimensional Spaces.
An Efficient Cost-Driven Index Selection Tool for Microsoft SQL Server.
The Use of Design Descriptions in Automated Diagnosis.
A comparative study of feature selection and multiclass classification methods for tissue classification based on gene expression.
A Softbot-Based Interface to the Internet.
A Protocol Test Generation Procedure.
Using Corpus Statistics and WordNet Relations for Sense Identification.
Structural Ambiguity and Lexical Relations.
Medians and Beyond: New Aggregation Techniques for Sensor Networks
Types and Persistence in Database Programming Languages.
Past, present, and future of decision support technology.
Instrumental interaction: an interaction model for designing post-WIMP user interfaces.
Making sense of sensing systems: five questions for designers and researchers.
A computational economy for grid computing and its implementation in the Nimrod-G resource broker.
Realizing a Video Environment: EuroPARC's RAVE System.
Global Minimum for Active Contour Models: A Minimal Path Approach.
Point Signatures: A New Representation for 3D Object Recognition.
Shift: a technique for operating pen-based interfaces using touch.
A Decision Theoretic Framework for Approximating Concepts.
Reality-based interaction: a framework for post-WIMP interfaces.
On-line routing of virtual circuits with applications to load balancing and machine scheduling.
Graph Minors. XX. Wagner's conjecture.
Graph Searching and a Min-Max Theorem for Tree-Width.
R-MAX - A General Polynomial Time Algorithm for Near-Optimal Reinforcement Learning.
A 5-GHz Mesh Interconnect for a Teraflops Processor.
Adaptive Probabilistic Networks with Hidden Variables.
A Nearest Hyperrectangle Learning Method.
Universal approximation of an unknown mapping and its derivatives using multilayer feedforward networks.
Dynamic Perfect Hashing: Upper and Lower Bounds.
Sorting by Transpositions.
The State Complexities of Some Basic Operations on Regular Languages.
Querying Imprecise Data in Moving Object Environments.
Data-Driven Discovery of Quantitative Rules in Relational Databases.
Association Rule Hiding.
Preventing Location-Based Identity Inference in Anonymous Spatial Queries.
New directions in traffic measurement and accounting: Focusing on the elephants, ignoring the mice.
Evaluating Stereo and Motion Cues for Visualizing Information Nets in Three Dimensions.
A Generalization of Dijkstra's Calculus.
Supporting Dynamic Data Structures on Distributed-Memory Machines.
Computing on Anonymous Networks: Part I-Characterizing the Solvable Cases.
Modular Verification of Software Components in C.
Partitioning 3D Surface Meshes Using Watershed Segmentation.
Learning to match ontologies on the Semantic Web.
PNUTS: Yahoo!'s hosted data serving platform.
A Simplified Approach to Threshold and Proactive RSA.
A face(book) in the crowd: social Searching vs. social browsing.
Markov Random Fields with Efficient Approximations.
Hive - A Warehousing Solution Over a Map-Reduce Framework.
The State Explosion Problem.
Word-Sense Disambiguation Using Statistical Methods.
Gait Analysis for Recognition and Classification.
A Probabilistic Algorithm for k-SAT and Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
RIPEMD-160: A Strengthened Version of RIPEMD.
Description of a New Variable-Length Key, 64-bit Block Cipher (Blowfish).
New Indices for Text: Pat Trees and Pat Arrays.
Evaluating Color Descriptors for Object and Scene Recognition.
Differential Evolution Algorithm With Strategy Adaptation for Global Numerical Optimization.
JAM: A BDI-Theoretic Mobile Agent Architecture.
An Assessment of Group Support Systems Experimental Research: Methodology and Results.
The Impact of Information Technology on the Organization of Economic Activity: The "Move to the Middle" Hypothesis.
Processing XML Streams with Deterministic Automata.
Black-Box Analysis of the Block-Cipher-Based Hash-Function Constructions from PGV.
Fast maximum margin matrix factorization for collaborative prediction.
Relations and Graphs - Discrete Mathematics for Computer Scientists
Valued Constraint Satisfaction Problems: Hard and Easy Problems.
Youtube traffic characterization: a view from the edge.
A non-projective dependency parser.
Tolerating memory latency through software-controlled pre-execution in simultaneous multithreading processors.
Kernel k-means: spectral clustering and normalized cuts.
Mining product reputations on the Web.
Garbage Collection in a Large Lisp System.
Hierarchical clustering of WWW image search results using visual, textual and link information.
Ad hoc-VCG: a truthful and cost-efficient routing protocol for mobile ad hoc networks with selfish agents.
Practical robust localization over large-scale 802.11 wireless networks.
Enforcing service availability in mobile ad-hoc WANs.
Effective Self-Training for Parsing.
A stream compiler for communication-exposed architectures.
Improving the Accuracy of Dynamic Branch Prediction Using Branch Correlation.
ECOSystem: managing energy as a first class operating system resource.
ABCD: eliminating array bounds checks on demand.
Effective synchronization removal for Java.
Points-to analysis using BDDs.
Dependence Analysis for Pointer Variables.
Exploiting superword level parallelism with multimedia instruction sets.
Probabilistic Alert Correlation.
A resource allocation model for QoS management.
A Framework for Argumentation-Based Negotiation.
Merrimac: Supercomputing with Streams.
A Comparison of Mechanisms for Improving TCP Performance over Wireless Links.
A first-principles approach to understanding the internet's router-level topology.
Efficient Simulation of Light Transport in Scences with Participating Media Using Photon Maps.
Rapid controlled movement through a virtual 3D workspace.
PixelFlow: high-speed rendering using image composition.
The RADIANCE lighting simulation and rendering system.
Retrieval and novelty detection at the sentence level.
The Use of Phrases and Structured Queries in Information Retrieval.
Bitmap Index Design and Evaluation.
F-Logic: A Higher-Order language for Reasoning about Objects, Inheritance, and Scheme.
Maintenance of Data Cubes and Summary Tables in a Warehouse.
Conceptual Partitioning: An Efficient Method for Continuous Nearest Neighbor Monitoring.
Robust Face Detection Using the Hausdorff Distance.
Rover: A Toolkit for Mobile Information Access.
Near-optimal network design with selfish agents.
Applications of approximation algorithms to cooperative games.
Efficient noise-tolerant learning from statistical queries.
Lest We Remember: Cold Boot Attacks on Encryption Keys.
W3QS: A Query System for the World-Wide Web.
Efficiently Publishing Relational Data as XML Documents.
Seeing the whole in parts: text summarization for web browsing on handheld devices.
Detecting web page structure for adaptive viewing on small form factor devices.
A hybrid approach for searching in the semantic web.
Generating diverse and representative image search results for landmarks.
Knowledge sharing and yahoo answers: everyone knows something.
Content-Based Recommendation Systems.
reacTIVision: a computer-vision framework for table-based tangible interaction.
Algorithms for Distributed Constraint Satisfaction: A Review.
The P2P Approach to Interorganizational Workflows.
On the Complexity of Qualitative Spatial Reasoning: A Maximal Tractable Fragment of the Region Connection Calculus.
Calendar Queues: A Fast 0(1) Priority Queue Implementation for the Simulation Event Set Problem.
Habitat monitoring with sensor networks.
Polygonization of implicit surfaces.
The Web as a Parallel Corpus.
Summarizing Scientific Articles: Experiments with Relevance and Rhetorical Status.
Embracing Change with Extreme Programming.
Volume Graphics.
1-way quantum finite automata: strengths, weaknesses and generalizations
Real-Time Databases.
An Implementation of DES and AES, Secure against Some Attacks.
Optical Fault Induction Attacks.
Bringing order to the Web: automatically categorizing search results.
Qualitative Spatial Representation and Reasoning with the Region Connection Calculus.
Current practice in measuring usability: Challenges to usability studies and research.
Efficient Algorithms for Shortest Paths in Sparse Networks.
Connectivity in Digital Pictures.
Cuckoo hashing.
Min-Wise Independent Permutations.
Optimal Structure Identification With Greedy Search.
Efficient SVM Training Using Low-Rank Kernel Representations.
Short Signatures Without Random Oracles and the SDH Assumption in Bilinear Groups.
Business Value of Information Technology: A Study of Electronic Data Interchange.
Toward Efficient Agnostic Learning.
On the implementation of an interior-point filter line-search algorithm for large-scale nonlinear programming.
Asymptotic Behaviors of Support Vector Machines with Gaussian Kernel.
Recursive Estimation of Motion, Structure, and Focal Length.
Asymmetric Bagging and Random Subspace for Support Vector Machines-Based Relevance Feedback in Image Retrieval.
Clustering Ensembles: Models of Consensus and Weak Partitions.
Nondeterministic Space is Closed Under Complementation.
Finding bugs is easy.
A log buffer-based flash translation layer using fully-associative sector translation.
Motion synthesis from annotations.
Approximating Polyhedra with Spheres for Time-Critical Collision Detection.
Poisson matting.
Algorithm 778: L-BFGS-B: Fortran Subroutines for Large-Scale Bound-Constrained Optimization.
Postpass Code Optimization of Pipeline Constraints.
The Odd-Even Turn Model for Adaptive Routing.
An Implementation of Interprocedural Bounded Regular Section Analysis.
Predicting Source Code Changes by Mining Change History.
Improving Wireless Sensor Network Lifetime through Power Aware Organization.
Preliminary design of JML: a behavioral interface specification language for java.
Hexastore: sextuple indexing for semantic web data management.
Relational Learning of Pattern-Match Rules for Information Extraction.
NUS-WIDE: a real-world web image database from National University of Singapore.
DyAD: smart routing for networks-on-chip.
ASSAT: Computing Answer Sets of a Logic Program by SAT Solvers.
The Power of Decision Tables.
Discovery-Driven Exploration of OLAP Data Cubes.
Silhouette-Based Human Identification from Body Shape and Gait.
Discriminant Analysis of Principal Components for Face Recognition.
Introduction to the Algebraic Theory of Graph Grammars (A Survey).
Toward an Ecology of Hypertext Annotation.
LSQR: An Algorithm for Sparse Linear Equations and Sparse Least Squares.
Introduction to object-oriented databases.
Category theory for computing science.
Working Models for Uncertain Data.
Simple unification-based type inference for GADTs.
Feature Selection for Unbalanced Class Distribution and Naive Bayes.
Automatic floorplan design.
Reasoning and Revision in Hybrid Representation Systems
Conserving disk energy in network servers.
Aspect-oriented programming and modular reasoning.
Concern graphs: finding and describing concerns using structural program dependencies.
Way-predicting set-associative cache for high performance and low energy consumption.
MINT: A Front End for Efficient Simulation of Shared-Memory Multiprocessors.
Video Parsing, Retrieval and Browsing: An Integrated and Content-Based Solution.
Analysis of a local-area wireless network.
Branch Prediction For Free.
Soft Typing.
Adoption and Focus: Practical Linear Types for Imperative Programming.
Permission accounting in separation logic.
Separation logic and abstraction.
The Synthesizer Generator.
Data Networks as Cascades: Investigating the Multifractal Nature of Internet WAN Traffic.
Towards an accurate AS-level traceroute tool.
Truthful auctions for pricing search keywords.
Tour into the picture: using a spidery mesh interface to make animation from a single image.
Out-of-core simplification of large polygonal models.
Blue Screen Matting.
Adapting ranking SVM to document retrieval.
LIRS: an efficient low inter-reference recency set replacement policy to improve buffer cache performance.
Finding k-dominant skylines in high dimensional space.
Extensible Query Processing in Starburst.
Mapping Data in Peer-to-Peer Systems: Semantics and Algorithmic Issues.
Influence Sets Based on Reverse Nearest Neighbor Queries.
Extracting Schema from Semistructured Data.
A Fair Non-repudiation Protocol.
A learning theory approach to non-interactive database privacy.
Rao-Blackwellised Particle Filtering for Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
Jazz: an extensible zoomable user interface graphics toolkit in Java.
The Document Lens.
Materialized View Selection for Multidimensional Datasets.
Algorithms for Materialized View Design in Data Warehousing Environment.
Compositional Modeling: Finding the Right Model for the Job.
An Incremental Self-Deployment Algorithm for Mobile Sensor Networks.
An Efficient, Incremental, Automatic Garbage Collector.
An Empirical Study of the Reliability of UNIX Utilities.
Data quality assessment.
Simulation Modeling with Event Graphs.
Head-Driven Statistical Models for Natural Language Parsing.
Load Distributing for Locally Distributed Systems.
Intermedia: The Concept and the Construction of a Seamless Information Environment.
A general heuristic for vehicle routing problems.
Concepts and Notations for Concurrent Programming.
Building efficient and effective metasearch engines.
Byzantine Quorum Systems.
Power Analysis Attacks of Modular Exponentiation in Smartcards.
Using information scent to model user information needs and actions and the Web.
Flatland: New Dimensions in Office Whiteboards.
Mutual Disambiguation of Recognition Errors in a Multimodel Architecture.
Efficient Belief Propagation for Early Vision.
Using vanishing points for camera calibration.
Deploying a Wireless Sensor Network on an Active Volcano.
Reasoning About Knowledge and Probability.
Global Data Flow Analysis and Iterative Algorithms.
Deciding Combinations of Theories.
P Systems with Active Membranes: Attacking NP-Complete Problems.
Representing shape with a spatial pyramid kernel.
Tolerating Latency Through Software-Controlled Prefetching in Shared-Memory Multiprocessors.
Exact indexing of dynamic time warping.
Synergistic Processing in Cell's Multicore Architecture.
On-Chip Interconnection Architecture of the Tile Processor.
Using Genetic Algorithms for Concept Learning.
Empirical and Theoretical Comparisons of Selected Criterion Functions for Document Clustering.
A Survey of QoS Architectures.
Performance of Multipath Routing for On-Demand Protocols in Mobile Ad Hoc Networks.
Data-Centric Storage in Sensornets with GHT, a Geographic Hash Table.
Performance evaluation in content-based image retrieval: overview and proposals.
Exact sampling with coupled Markov chains and applications to statistical mechanics.
Functional Documents for Computer Systems.
Mobility modeling in wireless networks: categorization, smooth movement, and border effects.
Word Sense Disambiguation using Conceptual Density.
Effects of Adjective Orientation and Gradability on Sentence Subjectivity.
A guide to membrane computing.
Main Memory Database Systems: An Overview.
Scheduler Activations: Effective Kernel Support for the User-Level Management of Parallelism.
Providing High Availability Using Lazy Replication.
Efficient Optimization of a Class of Relational Expressions.
Mesh saliency.
Exploiting hierarchical domain structure to compute similarity.
Start-time fair queueing: a scheduling algorithm for integrated services packet switching networks.
Four Dark Corners of Requirements Engineering.
Proofs of Networks of Processes.
Comparing Detection Methods for Software Requirements Inspections: A Replicated Experiment.
Architectural power analysis: The dual bit type method.
User Modeling for Adaptive News Access.
Separating Random Oracle Proofs from Complexity Theoretic Proofs: The Non-committing Encryption Case.
Just Talk to Me: A Field Study of Expertise Location.
Geometric Mean for Subspace Selection.
Virtual teams: a review of current literature and directions for future research.
Homomorphic Signature Schemes.
Using Adaptive Tracking to Classify and Monitor Activities in a Site.
Verification of Arithmetic Circuits with Binary Moment Diagrams.
Analysis of power consumption on switch fabrics in network routers.
A Secure and Optimally Efficient Multi-Authority Election Scheme.
Paraphrasing with Bilingual Parallel Corpora.
RaPiD - Reconfigurable Pipelined Datapath.
A thermal-driven floorplanning algorithm for 3D ICs.
REGRET: reputation in gregarious societies.
Factors influencing the usage of websites: the case of a generic portal in The Netherlands.
Reformulation of XML Queries and Constraints.
Scaling Theorems for Zero Crossings.
An Empirical Model of HTTP Network Traffic.
Automatic extraction of object-oriented component interfaces.
Transition Invariants.
Interference-aware topology control and QoS routing in multi-channel wireless mesh networks.
Islands: Aliasing Protection in Object-Oriented Languages.
Cache-Conscious Data Placement.
CSSV: towards a realistic tool for statically detecting all buffer overflows in C.
A Theory of Type Qualifiers.
Fundamental Challenges in Mobile Computing.
Fractals for Secondary Key Retrieval.
An Algorithm for Optimal Lambda Calculus Reduction.
Views: A Way for Pattern Matching to Cohabit with Data Abstraction.
Inference of Finite Automata Using Homing Sequences.
On Estimating End-to-End Network Path Properties.
Profiling internet backbone traffic: behavior models and applications.
Layered construction for deformable animated characters.
Real-time hatching.
A Framework for Expressing and Combining Preferences.
XML-Based Information Mediation with MIX.
D(k)-Index: An Adaptive Structural Summary for Graph-Structured Data.
XPath Queries on Streaming Data.
SPADE: the system s declarative stream processing engine.
Distributed object location in a dynamic network.
Aggregating inconsistent information: ranking and clustering.
A Flash-Memory Based File System.
Making Mix Nets Robust for Electronic Voting by Randomized Partial Checking.
Object and File Management in the EXODUS Extensible Database System.
Change-Centric Management of Versions in an XML Warehouse.
Probabilistic Skylines on Uncertain Data.
The indexable web is more than 11.5 billion pages.
A large-scale evaluation and analysis of personalized search strategies.
Diagnosing performance overheads in the xen virtual machine environment.
Summarization beyond sentence extraction: A probabilistic approach to sentence compression.
An Empirical Study of the Impact of User Involvement on System Usage and Information Satisfaction.
A method for overlapping and erasure of lists.
Factoring: A Method for Scheduling Parallel Loops.
A clean slate 4D approach to network control and management.
DIMES: let the internet measure itself.
Multiple Counters Automata, Safety Analysis and Presburger Arithmetic.
A Caching Relay for the World Wide Web.
Some Deadlock Properties of Computer Systems.
Advances in Instance Selection for Instance-Based Learning Algorithms.
SEMINT: A tool for identifying attribute correspondences in heterogeneous databases using neural networks.
Using Second-Order Power Analysis to Attack DPA Resistant Software.
Autonomous Interface Agents.
Being accurate is not enough: how accuracy metrics have hurt recommender systems.
A Review of Statistical Approaches to Level Set Segmentation: Integrating Color, Texture, Motion and Shape.
Context-free attentional operators: The generalized symmetry transform.
Recognizing Facial Expressions in Image Sequences Using Local Parameterized Models of Image Motion.
Peephole displays: pen interaction on spatially aware handheld computers.
User-defined gestures for surface computing.
The Semantic Web: The Roles of XML and RDF.
Analyzing Process Models Using Graph Reduction Techniques.
Designing Programs that Check Their Work.
Recontamination Does Not Help to Search a Graph.
Reasoning within Fuzzy Description Logics.
On the Influence of the Kernel on the Consistency of Support Vector Machines.
Trust and TAM in Online Shopping: An Integrated Model.
Linear Time Euclidean Distance Algorithms.
Input Feature Selection by Mutual Information Based on Parzen Window.
Multiresolution Color Image Segmentation.
Twenty Years of Document Image Analysis in PAMI.
Score normalization in multimodal biometric systems.
Overcoming the Lack of Screen Space on Mobile Computers.
An Extendible Approach for Analyzing Fixed Priority Hard Real-Time Tasks.
Power Diagrams: Properties, Algorithms and Applications.
Multi-Table Joins Through Bitmapped Join Indices.
The Automated Acquisition of Topic Signatures for Text Summarization.
Scans as Primitive Parallel Operations.
Partitioning and Mapping Algorithms into Fixed Size Systolic Arrays.
An optimal memory allocation scheme for scratch-pad-based embedded systems.
Establishing pairwise keys in distributed sensor networks.
The Ant System Applied to the Quadratic Assignment Problem.
Updating Derived Relations: Detecting Irrelevant and Autonomously Computable Updates.
A Homogeneous Relational Model and Query Languages for Temporal Databases.
Efficient algorithms for processing XPath queries.
Fair scheduling in wireless packet networks.
Exploiting Query Repetition and Regularity in an Adaptive Community-Based Web Search Engine.
Efficient query evaluation on probabilistic databases.
Alternating Refinement Relations.
Secure Computation (Abstract).
Energy Efficient Fixed-Priority Scheduling for Real-Time Systems on Variable Voltage Processors.
Trade Offs in the Design of a Router with Both Guaranteed and Best-Effort Services for Networks on Chip.
A Logic Level Design Methodology for a Secure DPA Resistant ASIC or FPGA Implementation.
Automatic Camera Recovery for Closed or Open Image Sequences.
The Equivalence Problem for Regular Expressions with Squaring Requires Exponential Space
Access Control: Policies, Models, and Mechanisms.
The Boomerang Attack.
Decoupling Computation and Data Scheduling in Distributed Data-Intensive Applications.
The Everywhere Displays Projector: A Device to Create Ubiquitous Graphical Interfaces.
ICrafter: A Service Framework for Ubiquitous Computing Environments.
Object Detection with Discriminatively Trained Part-Based Models.
The Multifrontal Solution of Indefinite Sparse Symmetric Linear.
Discriminative Random Fields: A Discriminative Framework for Contextual Interaction in Classification.
Why do people play on-line games? An extended TAM with social influences and flow experience.
Stabbing the Sky: Efficient Skyline Computation over Sliding Windows.
The synthesizer generator - a system for constructing language-based editors.
Query Folding.
Moment: Maintaining Closed Frequent Itemsets over a Stream Sliding Window.
Containment for XPath Fragments under DTD Constraints.
Measuring User Participation, User Involvement, and User Attitude.
On Edge Detection.
Lava: Hardware Design in Haskell.
Conjunctive, Subset, and Range Queries on Encrypted Data.
The Thing and I: Understanding the Relationship Between User and Product.
Pachinko allocation: DAG-structured mixture models of topic correlations.
Specification-Based Test Oracles for Reactive Systems.
Perpetual environmentally powered sensor networks.
A Maximum Entropy Approach to Identifying Sentence Boundaries.
Implementing A Cache Consistency Protocol.
BugNet: Continuously Recording Program Execution for Deterministic Replay Debugging.
MovieLens unplugged: experiences with an occasionally connected recommender system.
Optimizing for Reduced Code Space using Genetic Algorithms.
Manifold-ranking based image retrieval.
Dealing with Disaster: Surviving Misbehaved Kernel Extensions.
Scalable, Efficient Range Queries for Grid Information Services.
A Cost-Effective, High-Bandwidth Storage Architecture.
Cache-Conscious Structure Definition.
Process Decomposition Through Locality of Reference.
Rewriting Aggregate Queries Using Views.
Management of probabilistic data: foundations and challenges.
Static prediction of heap space usage for first-order functional programs.
Syntactic Control of Interference.
The Globus Striped GridFTP Framework and Server.
Greening of the internet.
Measurement-based models of delivery and interference in static wireless networks.
As-rigid-as-possible shape interpolation.
LCIS: A Boundary Hierarchy for Detail-Preserving Contrast Reduction.
V-buffer: visible volume rendering.
Predicting reflectance functions from complex surfaces.
Using particles to sample and control implicit surfaces.
A Self-Organizing Semantic Map for Information Retrieval.
Modeling Score Distributions for Combining the Outputs of Search Engines.
Selectivity Estimation in Spatial Databases.
GPUTeraSort: high performance graphics co-processor sorting for large database management.
XTRACT: A System for Extracting Document Type Descriptors from XML Documents.
Map-reduce-merge: simplified relational data processing on large clusters.
CPU Reservations and Time Constraints: Efficient, Predictable Scheduling of Independent Activities.
Practical Loss-Resilient Codes.
Efficient routing in all-optical networks.
Integrating Keyword Search into XML Query Processing.
Finding Intensional Knowledge of Distance-Based Outliers.
Maintaining Data Privacy in Association Rule Mining.
Data Warehouse Configuration.
Using web structure for classifying and describing web pages.
An integrated trust and reputation model for open multi-agent systems.
On Fast Multiplication of Polynomials over Arbitrary Algebras.
Branching Processes of Petri Nets.
Classifier Systems and Genetic Algorithms.
Preferred Answer Sets for Extended Logic Programs.
A Framework for Knowledge-Based Temporal Abstraction.
Argumentation in artificial intelligence.
Context is key.
Reverse Path Forwarding of Broadcast Packets.
Optimal Surface Reconstruction from Planar Contours.
The case for reflective middleware.
Why Looking Isn't Always Seeing: Readership Skills and Graphical Programming.
The Object-Oriented Hypermedia Design Model.
Near-optimal hashing algorithms for approximate nearest neighbor in high dimensions.
Modeling and Verifying Systems Using a Logic of Counter Arithmetic with Lambda Expressions and Uninterpreted Functions.
Integrating keyword search into XML query processing.
A genetic algorithm for flowshop sequencing.
Greedy Facility Location Algorithms Analyzed using Dual Fitting with Factor-Revealing LP
Program Transformation Systems.
Peekaboom: a game for locating objects in images.
Character-Based Interactive Storytelling.
Formal Verification by Symbolic Evaluation of Partially-Ordered Trajectories.
Two-handed input in a compound task.
Exertion interfaces: sports over a distance for social bonding and fun.
Bayesian learning in negotiation.
Limits for Automatic Verification of Finite-State Concurrent Systems.
A dichotomy theorem for constraint satisfaction problems on a 3-element set.
Movie review mining and summarization.
Distributed Credential Chain Discovery in Trust Management.
Replacing suffix trees with enhanced suffix arrays.
A nonsmooth version of Newton's method.
An Equivalence Between Sparse Approximation And Support Vector Machines.
The connection between regularization operators and support vector kernels.
A Survey of Methods and Strategies in Character Segmentation.
An HMM-Based Threshold Model Approach for Gesture Recognition.
FVC2000: Fingerprint Verification Competition.
Hybrid Genetic Algorithms for Feature Selection.
Information-preserving hybrid data reduction based on fuzzy-rough techniques.
Palmprint recognition using eigenpalms features.
Combinatorial Properties and Constructions of Traceability Schemes and Frameproof Codes.
Dynamic Service Matchmaking Among Agents in Open Information Environments.
People, Organizations, and Process Improvement.
Principles of Programming with Complex Objects and Collection Types.
Quantum automata and quantum grammars.
Efficient Mining of Association Rules in Distributed Databases.
A Generalized Temporal Role-Based Access Control Model.
The Implementation of Postgres.
The GOMS Family of User Interface Analysis Techniques: Comparison and Contrast.
Cache Performance of Operating System and Multiprogramming Workloads.
Lexical Ambiguity and Information Retrieval.
Experiences creating three implementations of the repast agent modeling toolkit.
Making transmission schedules immune to topology changes in multi-hop packet radio networks.
A System to Generate Test Data and Symbolically Execute Programs.
Exception Handling in Workflow Management Systems.
Analyzing Partition Testing Strategies.
RDF-3X: a RISC-style engine for RDF.
Collision-Resistant Hashing: Towards Making UOWHFs Practical.
Towards Realizing Random Oracles: Hash Functions That Hide All Partial Information.
The First Experimental Cryptanalysis of the Data Encryption Standard.
Authentication Theory/Coding Theory.
The VideoWindow System in Informal Communication.
REACT: Rapid Enhanced-Security Asymmetric Cryptosystem Transform.
Local Discriminant Embedding and Its Variants.
Object Recognition with Features Inspired by Visual Cortex.
Fast Human Detection Using a Cascade of Histograms of Oriented Gradients.
Building a Large-Scale Knowledge Base for Machine Translation.
Efficient utilization of scratch-pad memory in embedded processor applications.
Adaptive Web Sites: Automatically Synthesizing Web Pages.
Task-Based Authorization Controls (TBAC): A Family of Models for Active and Enterprise-Oriented Autorization Management.
Towards an Integrated Information Environment with Open Hypermedia Systems.
Generation that Exploits Corpus-Based Statistical Knowledge.
Polynomial Time Approximation Schemes for Euclidean TSP and Other Geometric Problems.
Anthill: A Framework for the Development of Agent-Based Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Toward the holodeck: integrating graphics, sound, character and story.
User interface evaluation in the real world: a comparison of four techniques.
Experiences in the use of a media space.
Mining Molecular Fragments: Finding Relevant Substructures of Molecules.
Dual System Encryption: Realizing Fully Secure IBE and HIBE under Simple Assumptions.
Searching Multimedia Databases by Content.
Watermarking of uncompressed and compressed video.
Detecting Concept Drift with Support Vector Machines.
Fault diagnosis in dynamic systems using analytical and knowledge-based redundancy: A survey and some new results.
Global Optimization
Is mutation an appropriate tool for testing experiments?
Who should fix this bug?
BGP routing stability of popular destinations.
On Implementing MPI-IO Portably and with High Performance.
Performance Characterization of a Quad Pentium Pro SMP using OLTP Workloads.
An effective hybrid transactional memory system with strong isolation guarantees.
Reducing power density through activity migration.
Hard real-time scheduling for low-energy using stochastic data and DVS processors.
Finding recent frequent itemsets adaptively over online data streams.
Fast vertical mining using diffsets.
Towards a Mathematical Operational Semantics.
Stride directed prefetching in scalar processors.
An Analysis of Efficient Multi-Core Global Power Management Policies: Maximizing Performance for a Given Power Budget.
Passive capture and structuring of lectures.
Robotics-based location sensing using wireless ethernet.
Smooth is better than sharp: a random mobility model for simulation of wireless networks.
Shasta: A Low Overhead, Software-Only Approach for Supporting Fine-Grain Shared Memory.
Static Detection of Dynamic Memory Errors.
Multiparty asynchronous session types.
Compositional dynamic test generation.
Munin: Distributed Shared Memory Based on Type-Specific Memory Coherence.
Wide-Area Traffic: The Failure of Poisson Modeling.
A Model of Visual Adaptation for Realistic Image Synthesis.
Sculpting: an interactive volumetric modeling technique.
A user-programmable vertex engine.
Visual Models of Plants Interacting with Their Environment.
Approximate and probabilistic algorithms for shading and rendering structured particle systems.
The haptic display of complex graphical environments.
Query type classification for web document retrieval.
Approximating Multi-Dimensional Aggregate Range Queries over Real Attributes.
Efficient Computation of Iceberg Cubes with Complex Measures.
Competitive auctions and digital goods.
Process Control and Scheduling Issues for Multiprogrammed Shared-Memory Multiprocessors.
Secret Handshakes from Pairing-Based Key Agreements.
A Small Set of Formal Topological Relationships Suitable for End-User Interaction.
Spectral analysis of data.
Maintaining Order in a Linked List
Node- and Edge-Deletion NP-Complete Problems
Mona: Monadic Second-Order Logic in Practice.
Why Do Internet Services Fail, and What Can Be Done About It?
Of Nests and Trees: A Unified Approach to Processing Queries That Contain Nested Subqueries, Aggregates, and Quantifiers.
The End of an Architectural Era (It's Time for a Complete Rewrite).
The Octagon Abstract Domain.
Experimental Results on the Crossover Point in Random 3-SAT.
Task Decomposition, Dynamic Role Assignment, and Low-Bandwidth Communication for Real-Time Strategic Teamwork.
Optimizing the Performance of a Relational Algebra Database Interface.
Dynamically forecasting network performance using the Network Weather Service.
Text-Translation Alignment.
The ART of Adaptive Pattern Recognition by a Self-Organizing Neural Network.
Scripting: Higher-Level Programming for the 21st Century.
Word Sense Disambiguation using Conceptual Density
DIMES: Let the Internet Measure Itself
Simgrid: A Toolkit for the Simulation of Application Scheduling.
Tools and Approaches for Developing Data-Intensive Web Applications: A Survey.
Extracting usability information from user interface events.
Lowering the barriers to programming: A taxonomy of programming environments and languages for novice programmers.
Debugging Concurrent Programs.
Semantic Data Models.
Models and Languages for Parallel Computation.
Multisensor Image Fusion Using the Wavelet Transform.
Free-Sets: A Condensed Representation of Boolean Data for the Approximation of Frequency Queries.
Adoption Intention in GSS: Relative Importance of Beliefs.
Panorama: capturing system-wide information flow for malware detection and analysis.
Semantic integration of heterogeneous information sources.
Inference of Finite Automata Using Homing Sequences
Contextual Priming for Object Detection.
The impact of animated interface agents: a review of empirical research.
Predicting tie strength with social media.
A Really Temporal Logic.
A unified approach to approximating resource allocation and scheduling.
Greedy Strikes Back: Improved Facility Location Algorithms.
Data Model and Query Evaluation in Global Information Systems.
The Power of Amnesia: Learning Probabilistic Automata with Variable Memory Length.
Multimodal Video Indexing: A Review of the State-of-the-art.
Practical selection of SVM parameters and noise estimation for SVM regression.
Bayesian Classification With Gaussian Processes.
Weighted Graph Cuts without Eigenvectors A Multilevel Approach.
Maximizing Queueing Network Utility Subject to Stability: Greedy Primal-Dual Algorithm.
Refinement and Extension of Encrypted Key Exchange.
Coloured Petri Nets and CPN Tools for modelling and validation of concurrent systems.
A Partitioning Strategy for Nonuniform Problems on Multiprocessors.
Performance Evaluation and Design Trade-Offs for Network-on-Chip Interconnect Architectures.
Power optimization of variable-voltage core-based systems.
Restricted delaunay triangulations and normal cycle.
A Survey of Temporal Knowledge Discovery Paradigms and Methods.
Using while moving: HCI issues in fieldwork environments.
IFO: A Formal Semantic Database Model.
An Access Control Model Supporting Periodicity Constraints and Temporal Reasoning.
On the Foundations of the Universal Relation Model.
Spherical parametrization and remeshing.
Transferring color to greyscale images.
A Proof System for Communicating Sequential Processes.
Model Checking Large Software Specifications.
Empirical Validation of Object-Oriented Metrics on Open Source Software for Fault Prediction.
Gandalf: Software Development Environments.
Generating Software Test Data by Evolution.
Adaptive Service Composition in Flexible Processes.
Partially observable Markov decision processes for spoken dialog systems.
Improved Online/Offline Signature Schemes.
Ethnographically-Informed Systems Design for Air Traffic Control.
Power Optimization of Variable Voltage Core-Based Systems.
SUNMAP: a tool for automatic topology selection and generation for NoCs.
A large-scale study of failures in high-performance computing systems.
3D Model Acquisition from Extended Image Sequences.
Corpus-Based Induction of Syntactic Structure: Models of Dependency and Constituency.
Tree-to-String Alignment Template for Statistical Machine Translation.
Random Walks, Universal Traversal Sequences, and the Complexity of Maze Problems
An improvement in formal verification.
GeoNotes: Social and Navigational Aspects of Location-Based Information Systems.
Domains for Denotational Semantics.
A Template for Scatter Search and Path Relinking.
Verification of large synthesized designs.
Performance Impacts of Information Technology: Is Actual Usage the Missing Link?
Index Structures for Path Expressions.
Contracts for higher-order functions.
AdaCost: Misclassification Cost-Sensitive Boosting.
A Grid-Enabled MPI: Message Passing in Heterogeneous Distributed Computing Systems.
Tolerating Inconsistency.
Alcoa: the alloy constraint analyzer.
Perracotta: mining temporal API rules from imperfect traces.
A survey on the use of relevance feedback for information access systems.
Tamper Resistant Software: An Implementation.
A Large, Fast Instruction Window for Tolerating Cache Misses.
The J-Machine Multicomputer: An Architectural Evaluation.
Evaluation of the Raw Microprocessor: An Exposed-Wire-Delay Architecture for ILP and Streams.
A Highly-Configurable Cache Architecture for Embedded Systems.
Mining distance-based outliers in near linear time with randomization and a simple pruning rule.
Probabilistic discovery of time series motifs.
Efficient Progressive Sampling.
On the Verification of Broadcast Protocols.
LIFT: A Low-Overhead Practical Information Flow Tracking System for Detecting Security Attacks.
Efficient Elliptic Curve Exponentiation Using Mixed Coordinates.
rate adaptation: a practical approach.
Property-based attestation for computing platforms: caring about properties, not mechanisms.
A Scalable and Provably Secure Hash-Based RFID Protocol.
Improving Cache Performance in Dynamic Applications through Data and Computation Reorganization at Run Time.
Incremental Evaluation for Attribute Grammars with Application to Syntax-Directed Editors.
``Sometime'' is Sometimes ``Not Never'' - On the Temporal Logic of Programs.
Iteration Space Tiling for Memory Hierarchies.
Cyclops: in situ image sensing and interpretation in wireless sensor networks.
The tenet architecture for tiered sensor networks.
Shape by example.
A knowledge plane for the internet.
An Integrated Congestion Management Architecture for Internet Hosts.
An Architecture for Wide-Area Multicast Routing.
Modeling the motion of a hot, turbulent gas.
Deep shadow maps.
Fourier principles for emotion-based human figure animation.
Texture synthesis over arbitrary manifold surfaces.
Surface light fields for 3D photography.
Finding near-duplicate web pages: a large-scale evaluation of algorithms.
Unifying user-based and item-based collaborative filtering approaches by similarity fusion.
Social tag prediction.
On the Stochastic Structure of Parallelism and Synchronization Models for Distributed Algorithms.
Navigating nets: simple algorithms for proximity search.
The challenge of information visualization evaluation.
Energy-efficient soft real-time CPU scheduling for mobile multimedia systems.
Collaborative Filtering with Privacy.
A new greedy approach for facility location problems.
Optimal Time-Critical Scheduling via Resource Augmentation (Extended Abstract).
BATON: A Balanced Tree Structure for Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Statistical Databases: Characteristics, Problems, and some Solutions.
Choosing reputable servents in a P2P network.
Reflective design.
Reasoning on UML class diagrams.
Inside a Software Design Team: Knowledge Acquisition, Sharing, and Integration.
Social phishing.
A framework for opportunistic scheduling in wireless networks.
Temporal Ontology and Temporal Reference.
Learning Subjective Language.
Energy Management for Commercial Servers.
Finding Facts vs. Browsing Knowledge in Hypertext Systems.
A Maximum Entropy Approach to Identifying Sentence Boundaries
Secure, Efficient Data Transport and Replica Management for High-Performance Data-Intensive Computing
Monitoring and early warning for internet worms.
Provable data possession at untrusted stores.
Conceptual-Model-Based Data Extraction from Multiple-Record Web Pages.
Modular decomposition and transitive orientation.
Undirected ST-Connectivity in Log-Space
Precise selection techniques for multi-touch screens.
A Tabu-Search Hyperheuristic for Timetabling and Rostering.
Light Linear Logic.
Visually Searching the Web for Content.
Region-based strategies for active contour models.
Securing XML Documents with Author-X.
A Sufficient Condition for Backtrack-Bounded Search
Should Tables Be Sorted?
Stemming Algorithms: A Case Study for Detailed Evaluation.
A General Language Model for Information Retrieval.
Word Sense Disambiguation for Free-text Indexing Using a Massive Semantic Network.
The workload on parallel supercomputers: modeling the characteristics of rigid jobs.
Chunking in Soar: The Anatomy of a General Learning Mechanism.
Chaotic simulated annealing by a neural network model with transient chaos.
Modeling attention to salient proto-objects.
The Template Update Problem.
Shape Classification Using the Inner-Distance.
Mining Frequent Patterns with Counting Inference.
KDD-Cup 2000 Organizers' Report: Peeling the Onion.
P-Grid: a self-organizing structured P2P system.
Spatial Planning: A Configuration Space Approach.
The Story of O2.
Spatial SQL: A Query and Presentation Language.
Alternating-Time Temporal Logic.
Design and Evaluation of Algorithms for Image Retrieval by Spatial Similarity.
Petri-Net-Based Hypertext: Document Structure with Browsing Semantics.
Taxonomy of XML schema languages using formal language theory.
The cache location problem.
Code Generation Using Tree Matching and Dynamic Programming.
Vocal communication of emotion: A review of research paradigms.
Design for Individuals, Design for Groups: Tradeoffs between Power and Workspace Awareness.
The character, functions, and styles of instant messaging in the workplace.
HadoopDB: An Architectural Hybrid of MapReduce and DBMS Technologies for Analytical Workloads.
Assessing a Firm's Web Presence: A Heuristic Evaluation Procedure for the Measurement of Usability.
REAL: a program for REgister ALlocation.
A general probabilistic framework for worst case timing analysis.
Truthful Approximation Mechanisms for Restricted Combinatorial Auctions.
Stochastic Tracking of 3D Human Figures Using 2D Image Motion.
Type Inclusion Constraints and Type Inference.
Predicting Time Series with Support Vector Machines.
Discovering Web Access Patterns and Trends by Applying OLAP and Data Mining Technology on Web Logs.
Super-Scalar RAM-CPU Cache Compression.
Parallel and distributed association mining: a survey.
Partially Supervised Classification of Text Documents.
The Design of Intelligent Agents - A Layered Approach
Design tradeoffs for tiled CMP on-chip networks.
Model-Based Testing in Practice.
Feedback-Directed Random Test Generation.
Wizard of Oz studies: why and how.
Orthogonal nonnegative matrix t-factorizations for clustering.
Extracting semantic relations from query logs.
On Estimating and Enhancing Cache Effectiveness.
Set-Based Analysis of ML Programs.
A power control MAC protocol for ad hoc networks.
The shared wireless infostation model: a new ad hoc networking paradigm (or where there is a whale, there is a way).
Key-Privacy in Public-Key Encryption.
Automatic Compiler-Inserted I/O Prefetching for Out-of-Core Applications.
Fine-Grained Network Time Synchronization Using Reference Broadcasts.
Heat-and-run: leveraging SMT and CMP to manage power density through the operating system.
WLAN Location Determination via Clustering and Probability Distributions.
Towards an Information Theoretic Metric for Anonymity.
Concurrent Constraint Programming.
Deliberative Normative Agents: Principles and Architecture.
Aggregation and Correlation of Intrusion-Detection Alerts.
Securing context-aware applications using environment roles.
Hardware design experiences in ZebraNet.
Internet Routing Instability.
Project GROPEHaptic displays for scientific visualization.
Real Time Compression of Triangle Mesh Connectivity.
The Virtual Cinematographer: A Paradigm for Automatic Real-Time Camera Control and Directing.
Expression cloning.
Solid texturing of complex surfaces.
Phrasal Translation and Query Expansion Techniques for Cross-language Information Retrieval.
Corpus structure, language models, and ad hoc information retrieval.
A General Language Model for Information Retrieval (poster abstract).
Scheduling Algorithms for Modern Disk Drives.
Integrating compression and execution in column-oriented database systems.
Record-Boundary Discovery in Web Documents.
Location-based Spatial Queries.
Private queries in location based services: anonymizers are not necessary.
A NonStop Kernel.
The Amber System: Parallel Programming on a Network of Multiprocessors.
Accent: A Communication Oriented Network Operating System Kernel.
Binder, a Logic-Based Security Language.
Approximate clustering via core-sets.
Linear Time Algorithm for Isomorphism of Planar Graphs (Preliminary Report)
Completeness Classes in Algebra
Differential Privacy: A Survey of Results.
Weaving Relations for Cache Performance.
From Region Encoding To Extended Dewey: On Efficient Processing of XML Twig Pattern Matching.
The A-tree: An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Spaces Using Relative Approximation.
VRPN: a device-independent, network-transparent VR peripheral system.
The Buffer Tree: A New Technique for Optimal I/O-Algorithms (Extended Abstract).
Spam, Damn Spam, and Statistics: Using Statistical Analysis to Locate Spam Web Pages.
A method for transparent admission control and request scheduling in e-commerce web sites.
Investigating behavioral variability in web search.
Recursive conditioning.
Fundamental Concepts of Qualitative Probabilistic Networks.
Frameworks = (Components + Patterns).
Computing Curricula 1991.
Why Functional Programming Matters.
Fault Injection Techniques and Tools.
Answer Sets for Consistent Query Answering in Inconsistent Databases
A Maximum Likelihood Stereo Algorithm.
Beyond Market Baskets: Generalizing Association Rules to Dependence Rules.
Optimizing search by showing results in context.
Making abstract interpretations complete.
Time Bounds for Selection.
Trans-Dichotomous Algorithms for Minimum Spanning Trees and Shortest Paths.
The Complexity of Optimization Problems.
On the Power of Magic.
Bilattices and the Semantics of Logic Programming.
Games That Agents Play: A Formal Framework for Dialogues between Autonomous Agents.
Benchmarking and Comparison of the Task Graph Scheduling Algorithms.
Wizard of Oz studies -- why and how.
Bit-Sequences: An Adaptive Cache Invalidation Method in Mobile Client/Server Environments.
Finite-Dimensional Variational Inequality and Nonlinear Complementarity Problems: A Survey of Theory, Algorithms and Applications.
The NEURON Simulation Environment.
Generalized relevance learning vector quantization.
Global exponential stability of generalized recurrent neural networks with discrete and distributed delays.
Periodicity, Directionality, and Randomness: Wold Features for Image Modeling and Retrieval.
Generalized String Matching.
The Approximability of Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Global Software Development.
JCrasher: an automatic robustness tester for Java.
Reducing the space requirement of suffix trees.
Speedup Versus Efficiency in Parallel Systems.
Application of Fuzzy Logic to Approximate Reasoning Using Linguistic Synthesis.
The Critical Transmitting Range for Connectivity in Sparse Wireless Ad Hoc Networks.
RecPlay: A Fully Integrated Practical Record/Replay System.
Galileo: A Strongly-Typed, Interactive Conceptual Language.
Defining point-set surfaces.
Spectral surface quadrangulation.
Real-time 3D model acquisition.
A quantitative comparison of graph-based models for Internet topology.
The C Information Abstraction System.
Correct Architecture Refinement.
On the Design and Development of Program Families.
Reasoning About Time in Higher-Level Language Software.
Formal Methods for Protocol Testing: A Detailed Study.
Real Time Responsive Animation with Personality.
Mobile user location update and paging under delay constraints.
Minimizing the average cost of paging under delay constraints.
LANDMARC: Indoor Location Sensing Using Active RFID.
A Capacity Analysis for the IEEE 802.11 MAC Protocol.
A survey of autonomic communications.
On the Exact Security of Full Domain Hash.
MMConf: An Infrastructure for Building Shared Multimedia Applications.
Information Extraction with HMM Structures Learned by Stochastic Optimization.
Asymptotically optimal geometric mobile ad-hoc routing.
An Identity-Based Key-Exchange Protocol.
Forecasting Network Performance to Support Dynamic Scheduling using the Network Weather Service.
Automated analysis of feature models 20 years later: A literature review.
The ubiquitous camera: an in-depth study of camera phone use.
The Split Bregman Method for L1-Regularized Problems.
A Primitive Operator for Similarity Joins in Data Cleaning.
The critical success factors for ERP implementation: an organizational fit perspective.
Cognitive systems engineering.
Monitoring K-Nearest Neighbor Queries Over Moving Objects.
Attribute-Based Encryption with Non-Monotonic Access Structures.
Aggregation Functions: A Guide for Practitioners
Programming with sets - an introduction to SETL.
Multiparty Computation from Threshold Homomorphic Encryption.
Making Mix Nets Robust For Electronic Voting By Randomized Partial Checking.
The Alternating Decision Tree Learning Algorithm.
METEOR-S WSDI: A Scalable P2P Infrastructure of Registries for Semantic Publication and Discovery of Web Services.
Resilient Peer-to-Peer Streaming.
Timing Verification and the Timing Analysis program.
Oil and Water? High Performance Garbage Collection in Java with MMTk.
Recovering Documentation-to-Source-Code Traceability Links using Latent Semantic Indexing.
Use of relative code churn measures to predict system defect density.
Managing the Development of Large Software Systems: Concepts and Techniques.
Measurements, Analysis, and Modeling of BitTorrent-like Systems.
Dynamic weaving for aspect-oriented programming.
Cherry: checkpointed early resource recycling in out-of-order microprocessors.
PROMISE: peer-to-peer media streaming using CollectCast.
End-to-end performance and fairness in multihop wireless backhaul networks.
Does topology control reduce interference?
CommonLoops: Merging Lisp and Object-Oriented Programming.
Ownership, encapsulation and the disjointness of type and effect.
Points-To Analysis for Java using Annotated Constraints.
High-Bandwidth Data Memory Systems for Superscalar Processors.
Tutorial on Specialisation of Logic Programs.
Efficient Object Identification with Passive RFID Tags.
Mining All Non-derivable Frequent Itemsets.
Optimal Loop Parallelization.
What cannot be computed locally!
Towards an Analysis of Range Query Performance in Spatial Data Structures.
Relevant Context Inference.
Understanding experience in interactive systems.
An investigation of geographic mapping techniques for internet hosts.
Deformable curve and surface finite-elements for free-form shape design.
Image-based modeling and photo editing.
Progressive simplicial complexes.
Constant Interaction-Time Scatter/Gather Browsing of Very Large Document Collections.
A semantic approach to contextual advertising.
Impact of fairness on Internet performance.
Formal Refinement Patterns for Goal-Driven Requirements Elaboration.
SOBER: statistical model-based bug localization.
Deciding when to forget in the Elephant file system.
Local search heuristic for k-median and facility location problems.
Some NP-Complete Geometric Problems
Interactive Volume Rendering Using Multi-Dimensional Transfer Functions and Direct Manipulation Widgets.
An Interval Classifier for Database Mining Applications.
Holistic Twig Joins on Indexed XML Documents.
Efficient Relational Storage and Retrieval of XML Documents.
Improving pseudo-relevance feedback in web information retrieval using web page segmentation.
Algorithms for Finding Patterns in Strings.
Belief, Awareness, and Limited Reasoning. .
Negotiation and Cooperation in Multi-Agent Environments.
A Survey of Automated Timetabling.
Some Approaches to Best-Match File Searching.
The Transis Approach to High Availability Cluster Communication.
Secure Communications Over Insecure Channels.
Personalized search.
Probabilistic Models in Information Retrieval.
Unsupervised Learning of the Morphology of a Natural Language.
Wide-Coverage Efficient Statistical Parsing with CCG and Log-Linear Models.
CVC: A Cooperating Validity Checker.
Processor Reconfiguration Through Instruction-Set Metamorphosis.
Get Ready for Agile Methods, with Care.
Programmable Stream Processors.
Why Systolic Architectures?
DakNet: Rethinking Connectivity in Developing Nations.
Scalable, Secure, and Highly Available Distributed File Access.
A Survey Of Free-Form Object Representation and Recognition Techniques.
Randomized instruction set emulation to disrupt binary code injection attacks.
On the representation of roles in object-oriented and conceptual modelling.
The potential of the cell processor for scientific computing.
"I'd be overwhelmed, but it's just one more thing to do": availability and interruption in research management.
User learning and performance with marking menus.
Gestural and audio metaphors as a means of control for mobile devices.
Incremental Learning for Robust Visual Tracking.
Degrees of Acyclicity for Hypergraphs and Relational Database Schemes
Exact and Approximate Algorithms for Scheduling Nonidentical Processors.
A combinatorial strongly polynomial algorithm for minimizing submodular functions.
Greedy facility location algorithms analyzed using dual fitting with factor-revealing LP.
Finding similar questions in large question and answer archives.
LOGIN: A Logic Programming Language with Built-In Inheritance.
A Generalized Kernel Approach to Dissimilarity-based Classification.
The Quadrics Network: High-Performance Clustering Technology.
Strategic Information Systems Planning Success: An Investigation of the Construct and Its Measurement.
Unsupervised Learning of Multiple Motifs in Biopolymers Using Expectation Maximization.
A Distance-Based Attribute Selection Measure for Decision Tree Induction.
Not So Naive Bayes: Aggregating One-Dependence Estimators.
A lift-and-project cutting plane algorithm for mixed 0-1 programs.
Principal components, minor components, and linear neural networks.
An Efficient Implementation of Reid's Multiple Hypothesis Tracking Algorithm and Its Evaluation for the Purpose of Visual Tracking.
Invariant Descriptors for 3D Object Recognition and Pose.
Gabor-Based Kernel PCA with Fractional Power Polynomial Models for Face Recognition.
A survey on ontology mapping.
Efficient and Timely Mutual Authentication.
Scenario-Based Analysis of Software Architecture.
CD++: a toolkit to develop DEVS models.
Distributed Reset.
Algorithm-Based Fault Tolerance for Matrix Operations.
Concurrent Error Detection Using Watchdog Processors - A Survey.
Guaranteed-Quality Mesh Generation for Curved Surfaces.
Mining Multiple-Level Association Rules in Large Databases.
Random-Walk Computation of Similarities between Nodes of a Graph with Application to Collaborative Recommendation.
Preserving and Using Context Information in Interprocess Communication.
Clustered principal components for precomputed radiance transfer.
Image and depth from a conventional camera with a coded aperture.
Collection statistics for fast duplicate document detection.
An information-theoretic approach to automatic query expansion.
Fast and flexible word searching on compressed text.
Compiler techniques for code compaction.
Context-sensitive synchronization-sensitive analysis is undecidable.
A Necessary and Sufficient Condition for Deadlock-Free Adaptive Routing in Wormhole Networks.
Unicast-Based Multicast Communication in Wormhole-Routed Networks.
The Detection of Fault-Prone Programs.
A Systematic Review of Software Development Cost Estimation Studies.
Real-Time Elastic Deformations of Soft Tissues for Surgery Simulation.
Local Invariant Feature Detectors: A Survey.
Zero Knowledge Proofs of Knowledge in Two Rounds.
More Flexible Exponentiation with Precomputation.
The Multilevel and Multifaceted Character of Computer Self-Efficacy: Toward Clarification of the Construct and an Integrative Framework for Research.
Parallel Programmability and the Chapel Language.
Cellular IP: a new approach to Internet host mobility.
Guaranteed Bandwidth Using Looped Containers in Temporally Disjoint Networks within the Nostrum Network on Chip.
Finding Naked People.
Rule Induction with CN2: Some Recent Improvements.
Extending Planning Graphs to an ADL Subset.
Photon mapping on programmable graphics hardware.
General Secure Multi-party Computation from any Linear Secret-Sharing Scheme.
Nonlinearity Criteria for Cryptographic Functions.
A Unified Framework for the Analysis of Side-Channel Key Recovery Attacks.
Validity Checking for Combinations of Theories with Equality.
Property specification patterns for finite-state verification.
Alternating-time Temporal Logic.
Approximating Clique is Almost NP-Complete (Preliminary Version)
How Bad is Selfish Routing?
Algebraic Approaches to Graph Transformation - Part II: Single Pushout Approach and Comparison with Double Pushout Approach.
Dynamic Matching and Scheduling of a Class of Independent Tasks onto Heterogeneous Computing Systems.
Reset Nets Between Decidability and Undecidability.
Disk Failures in the Real World: What Does an MTTF of 1, 000, 000 Hours Mean to You?
Block-based Static Timing Analysis with Uncertainty.
Corner Block List: An Effective and Efficient Topological Representation of Non-Slicing Floorplan.
Approximate Data Collection in Sensor Networks using Probabilistic Models.
Knowledge Management: An Organizational Capabilities Perspective.
Computer-Mediated Collaborative Learning: An Empirical Evaluation.
Learning and reasoning about interruption.
Top-Down Induction of Clustering Trees.
Boosting for transfer learning.
SAAM: A Method for Analyzing the Properties of Software Architectures.
Analysis and Testing of Web Applications.
Extended Gloss Overlaps as a Measure of Semantic Relatedness.
A multifaceted approach to understanding the botnet phenomenon.
Design of a wireless sensor network platform for detecting rare, random, and ephemeral events.
Security Considerations for Peer-to-Peer Distributed Hash Tables.
An Architecture for Software-Controlled Data Prefetching.
STiNG: A CC-NUMA Computer System for the Commercial Marketplace.
Dynamic Decentralized Cache Schemes for MIMD Parallel Processors.
Execution-based prediction using speculative slices.
SNAP: A Protocol for Negotiating Service Level Agreements and Coordinating Resource Management in Distributed Systems.
Event Detection from Time Series Data.
Reducing the complexity of the register file in dynamic superscalar processors.
Managing Wire Delay in Large Chip-Multiprocessor Caches.
Using semantic caching to manage location dependent data in mobile computing.
Effects of wireless physical layer modeling in mobile ad hoc networks.
Concrete syntax for objects: domain-specific language embedding and assimilation without restrictions.
Secure Untrusted Data Repository (SUNDR).
A comparison of software and hardware techniques for x86 virtualization.
Finding Similar Time Series.
Optimizing ML with Run-Time Code Generation.
Knowledge and Common Knowledge in a Distributed Environment.
Privacy, accuracy, and consistency too: a holistic solution to contingency table release.
Software Watermarking: Models and Dynamic Embeddings.
Predicate abstraction for software verification.
Unboxed Objects and Polymorphic Typing.
An Empirical Comparison of Monitoring Algorithms for Access Anomaly Detection.
On the correctness of transactional memory.
Hierarchical face clustering on polygonal surfaces.
Motion editing with spacetime constraints.
Packet classification using multidimensional cutting.
Can internet video-on-demand be profitable?
WireGL: a scalable graphics system for clusters.
Displaced subdivision surfaces.
Talisman: Commodity Realtime 3D Graphics for the PC.
mediaBlocks: Physical Containers, Transports, and Controls for Online Media.
Free-form shape design using triangulated surfaces.
Searching XML documents via XML fragments.
Impedance coupling in content-targeted advertising.
Effective Retrieval with Distributed Collections.
Spatial Hash-Joins.
Topological Relations in the World of Minimum Bounding Rectangles: A Study with R-trees.
Association Rules over Interval Data.
M-invariance: towards privacy preserving re-publication of dynamic datasets.
Design of flash-based DBMS: an in-page logging approach.
The Structuring of Systems Using Upcalls.
Implementing Global Memory Management in a Workstation Cluster.
Robust De-anonymization of Large Sparse Datasets.
Finding nearest neighbors in growth-restricted metrics.
An Optimal Algorithm for On-line Bipartite Matching
Smooth sensitivity and sampling in private data analysis.
Quikwriting: Continuous Stylus-Based Text Entry.
UMLsec: Extending UML for Secure Systems Development.
Catching the Best Views of Skyline: A Semantic Approach Based on Decisive Subspaces.
Language support for fast and reliable message-based communication in singularity OS.
System Description: Twelf - A Meta-Logical Framework for Deductive Systems.
A fuzzy constraint based model for bilateral, multi-issue negotiations in semi-competitive environments.
Computer Rendering of Stochastic Models.
Formal Requirements for Virtualizable Third Generation Architectures.
Digestor: Device-Independent Access to the World Wide Web.
Word Sense Disambiguation Using a Second Language Monolingual Corpus.
An Efficient Probabilistic Context-Free Parsing Algorithm that Computes Prefix Probabilities.
The Gator Tech Smart House: A Programmable Pervasive Space.
Leakage Current: Moore's Law Meets Static Power.
Experimental Models for Validating Technology.
Neural network credit scoring models.
Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning with the MAXQ Value Function Decomposition
Process migration.
The variational approach to shape from shading.
Vision-based human motion analysis: An overview.
Case handling: a new paradigm for business process support.
An architecture for Real-Time Reasoning and System Control.
Disjunctive Stable Models: Unfounded Sets, Fixpoint Semantics, and Computation.
Pressure widgets.
Robust regression methods for computer vision: A review.
Structure of Uninorms.
Where should the person stop and the information search interface start?
Finding Information on the World Wide Web: The Retrieval Effectiveness of Search Engines.
An Empirical Analysis of Design Choices in Neighborhood-Based Collaborative Filtering Algorithms.
Text Categorization Based on Regularized Linear Classification Methods.
Conformance checking of processes based on monitoring real behavior.
Optimal clock synchronization.
Emergence: From Chaos to Order.
HILOG: A Foundation for Higher-Order Logic Programming.
Variable Selection Using SVM-based Criteria.
A survey of content based 3D shape retrieval methods.
Dynamic Programming for Detecting, Tracking, and Matching Deformable Contours.
A Sparse Texture Representation Using Local Affine Regions.
Goal-Directed Evaluation of Binarization Methods.
Filtering Search: A New Approach to Query-Answering.
Multiple Access Protocols: Performance and Analysis.
Data Modelling versus Ontology Engineering.
Run-Time Parallelization and Scheduling of Loops.
Multiple-Way Network Partitioning.
Shortest Paths Without a Map.
Semantics-Preserving Dimensionality Reduction: Rough and Fuzzy-Rough-Based Approaches.
Tetrahedral Mesh Generation by Delaunay Refinement.
Distributed Deadlock Detection
Fast Address Lookups Using Controlled Prefix Expansion.
Tracing the lineage of view data in a warehousing environment.
Secure Databases: Protection Against User Influence.
iLamps: geometrically aware and self-configuring projectors.
Hierarchical packet fair queueing algorithms.
The ASTOOT Approach to Testing Object-Oriented Programs.
Law-governed interaction: a coordination and control mechanism for heterogeneous distributed systems.
Signature Matching: A Tool for Using Software Libraries.
Fault Injection for Dependability Validation: A Methodology and Some Applications.
Completeness and Consistency in Hierarchical State-Based Requirements.
A Survey of Controlled Experiments in Software Engineering.
Empirical Analysis of CK Metrics for Object-Oriented Design Complexity: Implications for Software Defects.
Convertible Undeniable Signatures.
CM-Curves with Good Cryptographic Properties.
Answer Garden 2: Merging Organizational Memory with Collaborative Help.
Distance, dependencies, and delay in a global collaboration.
The Representation and Recognition of Human Movement Using Temporal Templates.
ARTag, a Fiducial Marker System Using Digital Techniques.
On-line Boosting and Vision.
Information Technology Assimilation in Firms: The Influence of Senior Leadership and IT Infrastructures.
Learning to Classify Text from Labeled and Unlabeled Documents.
Statistical Learning of Multi-view Face Detection.
On Certificate Revocation and Validation.
Cardboard People: A Parameterized Model of Articulated Image Motion.
A 7/8-Approximation Algorithm for MAX 3SAT?
Using Restriction to Extend Parsing Algorithms for Complex-Feature-Based Formalisms.
Interactive Virtual Materials.
Dynamically Exploiting Narrow Width Operands to Improve Processor Power and Performance.
Aquanet: A Hypertext Tool to Hold Your Knowledge in Place.
A Privacy Awareness System for Ubiquitous Computing Environments.
Machine Inductive Inference and Language Identification.
Predicting positive and negative links in online social networks.
Improving Traffic Locality in BitTorrent via Biased Neighbor Selection.
Executives Perceptions of the Business Value of Information Technology: A Process-Oriented Approach.
Compiling for the Cydra.
Designing Distributed Applications with Mobile Code Paradigms.
Hipikat: Recommending Pertinent Software Development Artifacts.
Virtual landmarks for the internet.
Achieving High Instruction Cache Performance with an Optimizing Compiler.
New Generation of Predictive Technology Model for Sub-45nm Design Exploration.
User interactions with everyday applications as context for just-in-time information access.
Automatic organization for digital photographs with geographic coordinates.
Predicting Application Run Times Using Historical Information.
Automatic multimedia cross-modal correlation discovery.
Context-aware query suggestion by mining click-through and session data.
Hygienic Macro Expansion.
Intruder Deductions, Constraint Solving and Insecurity Decision in Presence of Exclusive or.
Available Instruction-Level Parallelism for Superscalar and Superpipelined Machines.
PowerNap: eliminating server idle power.
Eliminating Array Bound Checking Through Dependent Types.
DieHard: probabilistic memory safety for unsafe languages.
Practical Dependence Testing.
Foundations of the C++ concurrency memory model.
SPNP: Stochastic Petri Net Package.
Database-friendly random projections.
Ownership types for object encapsulation.
The Geometry of Optimal Lambda Reduction.
A Unified Computation Model for Functional and Logic Programming.
Dynamic performance tuning of word-based software transactional memory.
Server-Directed Collective I/O in Panda.
Modeling Heterogeneous Real-time Components in BIP.
Interactive technical illustration.
An Active Service Framework and Its Application to Real-Time Multimedia Transcoding.
Proportional Differentiated Services: Delay Differentiation and Packet Scheduling.
Building a better NetFlow.
Tactons: Structured Tactile Messages for Non-Visual Information Display.
A Perceptually Based Physical Error Metric for Realistic Image Synthesis.
Less is more: probabilistic models for retrieving fewer relevant documents.
Effective Retrieval of Structured Documents.
Scalable collaborative filtering using cluster-based smoothing.
Data Caching Tradeoffs in Client-Server DBMS Architectures.
Random Sampling for Histogram Construction: How much is enough?
Spectral Bloom Filters.
Efficient Query Reformulation in Peer-Data Management Systems.
Identifying Similarities, Periodicities and Bursts for Online Search Queries.
The Database Language GEM.
Interconnect-power dissipation in a microprocessor.
An approximate truthful mechanism for combinatorial auctions with single parameter agents.
SecVisor: a tiny hypervisor to provide lifetime kernel code integrity for commodity OSes.
A Survey of Longest Common Subsequence Algorithms.
Introducing Dynamic Constraints in B.
PuLSE: A Methodology to Develop Software Product Lines.
Alias Types for Recursive Data Structures.
Fluid interaction with high-resolution wall-size displays.
A Hierarchical Internet Object Cache.
Libckpt: Transparent Checkpointing under UNIX.
Distinct Sampling for Highly-Accurate Answers to Distinct Values Queries and Event Reports.
Histogram-Based Approximation of Set-Valued Query-Answers.
Queries Independent of Updates.
The Design of the POSTGRES Storage System.
Algorithms for Acyclic Database Schemes
Software Architecture as a Set of Architectural Design Decisions.
Automatic identification of user interest for personalized search.
Fast and memory-efficient regular expression matching for deep packet inspection.
A logic-based theory of deductive arguments.
Consistency-based search in feature selection.
Automatically Generating Abstractions for Planning.
Programming by Multiset Transformation.
The Manchester Prototype Dataflow Computer.
Models of attention in computing and communication: from principles to applications.
Experience with a Learning Personal Assistant.
Cultural Fits and Misfits: Is ERP a Universal Solution?
Compiler-decided dynamic memory allocation for scratch-pad based embedded systems.
Reflections on Trusting Trust.
Cache Profiling and the SPEC Benchmarks: A Case Study.
Mining All Non-Derivable Frequent Itemsets
Detecting Group Differences: Mining Contrast Sets.
Detecting Causal Relationships in Distributed Computations: In Search of the Holy Grail.
Demystifying 3D ICs: The Pros and Cons of Going Vertical.
Mutual Information Analysis.
Adaptive Name Matching in Information Integration.
Designing storytelling technologies to encouraging collaboration between young children.
PingPongPlus: Design of an Athletic-Tangible Interface for Computer-Supported Cooperative Play.
Topobo: a constructive assembly system with kinetic memory.
Diffusion Snakes: Introducing Statistical Shape Knowledge into the Mumford-Shah Functional.
Single View Metrology.
Sustainable interaction design: invention & disposal, renewal & reuse.
What are you looking for?: an eye-tracking study of information usage in web search.
On-line trust: concepts, evolving themes, a model.
Towards a standard for pointing device evaluation, perspectives on 27 years of Fitts' law research in HCI.
A re-examination of relevance: toward a dynamic, situational definition.
Approaches to knowledge reduction based on variable precision rough set model.
On the dempster-shafer framework and new combination rules.
On the Combinatorial and Algebraic Complexity of Quantifier Elimination.
Two Families of Languages Related to ALGOL.
Complete Sets of Reductions for Some Equational Theories.
Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning with the MAXQ Value Function Decomposition.
Data Structures for Mobile Data.
Parameterizing above Guaranteed Values: MaxSat and MaxCut.
When Are Quasi-Monte Carlo Algorithms Efficient for High Dimensional Integrals?
Optimizing web search using web click-through data.
A Divisive Information-Theoretic Feature Clustering Algorithm for Text Classification.
Efficient Algorithms for Distributed Snapshots and Global Virtual Time Approximation.
Games and Full Completeness for Multiplicative Linear Logic.
What Are Race Conditions? Some Issues and Formalizations.
Empirical Research in Information Systems: The Practice of Relevance.
The Utility of Knowledge in Inductive Learning.
Reinforcement Learning with Replacing Eligibility Traces.
An Evaluation of Multimodal 2D+3D Face Biometrics.
Markov Random Field Models for Unsupervised Segmentation of Textured Color Images.
The Document Spectrum for Page Layout Analysis.
Vector-Valued Image Regularization with PDEs: A Common Framework for Different Applications.
On k-connectivity for a geometric random graph.
Improving Security Using Extensible Lightweight Static Analysis.
Architecture Decisions: Demystifying Architecture.
Debugging with Dynamic Slicing and Backtracking.
Built-In Test for Circuits with Scan Based on Reseeding of Multiple-Polynomial Linear Feedback Shift Registers.
A Tutorial on EMPA: A Theory of Concurrent Processes with Nondeterminism, Priorities, Probabilities and Time.
Regular Expressions into Finite Automata.
Compressed sensing.
Personalized Web Search For Improving Retrieval Effectiveness.
Making by making strange: Defamiliarization and the design of domestic technologies.
An Efficient and Fault-Tolerant Solution for Distributed Mutual Exclusion.
An Ontological Analysis of the Relationship Construct in Conceptual Modeling.
Inverted Files Versus Signature Files for Text Indexing.
Articulated body deformation from range scan data.
Drawing Graphs Nicely Using Simulated Annealing.
WYSIWYG NPR: drawing strokes directly on 3D models.
VAGUE: A User Interface to Relational Databases that Permits Vague Queries.
QoS routing in networks with inaccurate information: theory and algorithms.
Internet routing instability.
Single-packet IP traceback.
Model driven security: From UML models to access control infrastructures.
Distributed Simulation: A Case Study in Design and Verification of Distributed Programs.
A Unified High-Level Petri Net Formalism for Time-Critical Systems.
PROBE Spatial Data Modeling and Query Processing in an Image Database Application.
Key Establishment in Large Dynamic Groups Using One-Way Function Trees.
Ontology-based personalized search and browsing.
Efficient algorithms for Web services selection with end-to-end QoS constraints.
An Efficient Public Key Traitor Tracing Scheme.
What is Coordination Theory and How Can It Help Design Cooperative Work Systems?
Access Control for Collaborative Environments.
A finger on the pulse: temporal rhythms and information seeking in medical work.
Protocol Insecurity with Finite Number of Sessions is NP-Complete.
Locus Solum: From the Rules of Logic to the Logic of Rules.
3D People Tracking with Gaussian Process Dynamical Models.
Register Allocation and Binding for Low Power.
pipesCompiler: A Tool for Instantiating Application Specific Networks on Chip.
Optimizing Dynamically-Typed Object-Oriented Languages With Polymorphic Inline Caches.
Pincer Search: A New Algorithm for Discovering the Maximum Frequent Set.
Modelling a Public-Key Infrastructure.
On Clusterings - Good, Bad and Spectral.
Quantum Circuit Complexity
Mathematical theory of program correctness.
A Methodology for Agent-Oriented Analysis and Design.
A Survey of Collaborative Filtering Techniques.
Obtaining calibrated probability estimates from decision trees and naive Bayesian classifiers.
The nucleus of a multiprogramming system.
Design, Implementation, and Evaluation of a Revision Control System.
Nondeterministic space is closed under complementation.
Definitional Trees.
Non-Standard Reasoning Services for the Debugging of Description Logic Terminologies.
Remembering To Forget: A Competence-Preserving Case Deletion Policy for Case-Based Reasoning Systems.
FCA-MERGE: Bottom-Up Merging of Ontologies.
Reconfigurable caches and their application to media processing.
A low power unified cache architecture providing power and performance flexibility (poster session).
Scaling up dynamic time warping for datamining applications.
Tractable conservative Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
LeZi-Update: An Information-Theoretic Approach to Track Mobile Users in PCS Networks.
A reputation system for peer-to-peer networks.
Practical virtual method call resolution for Java.
Enhancing Server Availability and Security Through Failure-Oblivious Computing.
Dataflow Query Execution in a Parallel Main-Memory Environment.
Predicting Conditional Branch Directions From Previous Runs of a Program.
Register Allocation for Software Pipelined Loops.
An Open-Ended Finite Domain Constraint Solver.
Token Management Schemes and Random Walks Yield Self-Stabilizing Mutual Exclusion.
Resource Bound Certification.
Automated semantic web service discovery with OWLS-MX.
Massive arrays of idle disks for storage archives.
Automated Packet Trace Analysis of TCP Implementations.
Packet Classification Using Tuple Space Search.
Merging virtual objects with the real world: seeing ultrasound imagery within the patient.
Interactive spacetime control for animation.
Automatic Reconstruction of B-Spline Surfaces of Arbitrary Topological Type.
Web question answering: is more always better?.
A formal study of information retrieval heuristics.
Querying Across Languages: A Dictionary-Based Approach to Multilingual Information Retrieval.
Multi-Step Processing of Spatial Joins.
Organizing Long-Running Activities with Triggers and Transactions.
Caching Multidimensional Queries Using Chunks.
On Extending the Functions of a Relational Database System.
Incremental Distance Join Algorithms for Spatial Databases.
A Retrieval Technique for Similar Shapes.
Access Methods for Multiversion Data.
Cost Based Query Scrambling for Initial Delays.
Register allocation by priority-based coloring.
An empirical study of code clone genealogies.
Sampling from a moving window over streaming data.
Information-Theoretic Measures for Anomaly Detection.
ELK, A New Protocol for Efficient Large-Group Key Distribution.
Rapid Identification of Repeated Patterns in Strings, Trees and Arrays
A PCP characterization of NP with optimal amortized query complexity.
SearchTogether: an interface for collaborative web search.
Fast Transparent Migration for Virtual Machines.
Symphony: Distributed Hashing in a Small World.
The Asymptotic Decider: Resolving the Ambiguity in Marching Cubes.
Automatic Composition of Transition-based Semantic Web Services with Messaging.
Efficient Structural Joins on Indexed XML Documents.
Proximity Search in Databases.
Supporting Incremental Join Queries on Ranked Inputs.
Effective personalization based on association rule discovery from web usage data.
RDFPeers: a scalable distributed RDF repository based on a structured peer-to-peer network.
A flexible learning system for wrapping tables and lists in HTML documents.
Securing web application code by static analysis and runtime protection.
Reasoning About Qualitative Temporal Information.
Top-Down Induction of First-Order Logical Decision Trees.
Connectionist Learning Procedures.
On the Relation Between Default and Autoepistemic Logic.
Capability-Based Addressing.
Finding the flow in web site search.
A Fast Parallel Algorithm for Thinning Digital Patterns.
Wireless sensor network localization techniques.
Planning Text for Advisory Dialogues: Capturing Intentional and Rhetorical Information.
Learning Domain Ontologies from Document Warehouses and Dedicated Web Sites.
Dependency-Based Construction of Semantic Space Models.
Will Physical Scalability Sabotage Performance Gains?
Pervasive Computing: A Paradigm for the 21st Century.
The Asilomar Report on Database Research
Corpus structure, language models, and ad hoc information retrieval
Fuzzy Connectedness and Object Definition: Theory, Algorithms, and Applications in Image Segmentation.
Fair Exchange with a Semi-Trusted Third Party (extended abstract).
Mining Non-Redundant Association Rules.
Fast Prototyping of Datapath-Intensive Architectures.
Exploiting Symmetry in Temporal Logic Model Checking.
Measuring usability: are effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction really correlated?
Complexity of Generalized Satisfiability Counting Problems.
DENIM: finding a tighter fit between tools and practice for Web site design.
Sensetable: a wireless object tracking platform for tangible user interfaces.
Designing the spectator experience.
View-Invariant Representation and Recognition of Actions.
A Multibody Factorization Method for Independently Moving Objects.
Notification and awareness: synchronizing task-oriented collaborative activity.
Empirical studies of agile software development: A systematic review.
The Turn Model for Adaptive Routing.
Open Shop Scheduling to Minimize Finish Time.
Efficient Noise-Tolerant Learning from Statistical Queries.
The Generation of Optimal Code for Arithmetic Expressions.
Computability of Recursive Functions.
Relevance: The Whole History.
Lagrangian Support Vector Machines.
The Palladio component model for model-driven performance prediction.
The Stanford Hydra CMP.
Extremely randomized trees.
On-Demand Multicast Routing Protocol in Multihop Wireless Mobile Networks.
Hierarchically-Organized, Multihop Mobile Wireless Networks for Quality-of-Service Support.
Dimension Reduction by Local Principal Component Analysis.
Estimation of Entropy and Mutual Information.
Direct Gray-Scale Minutiae Detection In Fingerprints.
Dynamic Texture Recognition Using Local Binary Patterns with an Application to Facial Expressions.
On a relation between graph edit distance and maximum common subgraph.
Genome Rearrangements and Sorting by Reversals.
The Asilomar Report on Database Research.
Seven Myths of Formal Methods.
ARB: A Hardware Mechanism for Dynamic Reordering of Memory References.
Order-Sorted Algebra I: Equational Deduction for Multiple Inheritance, Overloading, Exceptions and Partial Operations.
Symbolic Bisimulations.
The economics of information security investment.
Temporal Sequence Learning and Data Reduction for Anomaly Detection.
Nomadic radio: speech and audio interaction for contextual messaging in nomadic environments.
A Quorum-Consensus Replication Method for Abstract Data Types.
Modelling with implicit surfaces that interpolate.
A Decision-Theoretic Approach to Database Selection in Networked IR.
FAST TCP: motivation, architecture, algorithms, performance.
Probabilistic Reliable Dissemination in Large-Scale Systems.
Software Measurement: A Necessary Scientific Basis.
Machine Learning Approaches to Estimating Software Development Effort.
On Linear Variational Surface Deformation Methods.
Power analysis and minimization techniques for embedded DSP software.
A survey of trust in computer science and the Semantic Web.
Collective entity resolution in relational data.
Learning from Imbalanced Data.
Pedestrian Detection Using Wavelet Templates.
Fields of Experts: A Framework for Learning Image Priors.
Using Multiple Segmentations to Discover Objects and their Extent in Image Collections.
The Datacenter as a Computer: An Introduction to the Design of Warehouse-Scale Machines
Transition Density, A Stochastic Measure of Activity in Digital Circuits.
Autocalibration from Planar Scenes.
Dynamic Group Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange under Standard Assumptions.
A Proposal for a New Block Encryption Standard.
Using Predicate-Argument Structures for Information Extraction.
Named Entity Recognition using an HMM-based Chunk Tagger.
The ConTract Model
A Racing Algorithm for Configuring Metaheuristics.
Asymptotic Zero-Transition Activity Encoding for Address Busses in Low-Power Microprocessor-Based Systems.
Energy efficient CMOS microprocessor design.
Market-Oriented Cloud Computing: Vision, Hype, and Reality for Delivering IT Services as Computing Utilities.
FOHM: a fundamental open hypertext model for investigating interoperability between hypertext domains.
Characterizing Correctness Properties of Parallel Programs Using Fixpoints.
Building Text Classifiers Using Positive and Unlabeled Examples.
Building Program Optimizers with Rewriting Strategies.
Multi-Instance Kernels.
Solving the Multiple-Instance Problem: A Lazy Learning Approach.
Verification and change-impact analysis of access-control policies.
A Language Independent Approach for Detecting Duplicated Code.
Nearest Neighbor and Reverse Nearest Neighbor Queries for Moving Objects.
Characteristics of internet background radiation.
On the use and performance of content distribution networks.
Automatic Extraction of Subcategorization from Corpora.
ATUM: A New Technique for Capturing Address Traces Using Microcode.
Bulk Disambiguation of Speculative Threads in Multiprocessors.
Fine-Grained Activity Recognition by Aggregating Abstract Object Usage.
Two supervised learning approaches for name disambiguation in author citations.
Activity Monitoring: Noticing Interesting Changes in Behavior.
Discovering informative content blocks from Web documents.
The Peer Sampling Service: Experimental Evaluation of Unstructured Gossip-Based Implementations.
VideoQ: An Automated Content Based Video Search System Using Visual Cues.
A measurement study of vehicular internet access using in situ Wi-Fi networks.
Power law and exponential decay of inter contact times between mobile devices.
The Horus WLAN location determination system.
Making Paths Explicit in the Scout Operating System.
Strong Key-Insulated Signature Schemes.
A Portable Global Optimizer and Linker.
Soft Typing with Conditional Types.
A Formal Specification of dMARS.
A parallel hashed Oct-Tree N-body algorithm.
Energy-efficient forwarding strategies for geographic routing in lossy wireless sensor networks.
Robust Global Registration.
Automatically inferring patterns of resource consumption in network traffic.
A modeling system based on dynamic constraints.
Analytical methods for dynamic simulation of non-penetrating rigid bodies.
Pixel-planes 5: a heterogeneous multiprocessor graphics system using processor-enhanced memories.
Through-the-lens camera control.
Ray tracing complex scenes.
Efficiently Using Graphics Hardware in Volume Rendering Applications.
Towards Interactive Query Expansion.
Relevant document distribution estimation method for resource selection.
Static Index Pruning for Information Retrieval Systems.
The Dynamic HomeFinder: Evaluating Dynamic Queries in a Real-Estate Information Exploration System.
Learning to estimate query difficulty: including applications to missing content detection and distributed information retrieval.
Chain : Operator Scheduling for Memory Minimization in Data Stream Systems.
Fast Parallel Similarity Search in Multimedia Databases.
FleXPath: Flexible Structure and Full-Text Querying for XML.
Algorithms for Deferred View Maintenance.
Approximate Join Processing Over Data Streams.
Grammar-like Functional Rules for Representing Query Optimization Alternatives.
Extending Query Rewriting Techniques for Fine-Grained Access Control.
Spark: top-k keyword query in relational databases.
PR-Miner: automatically extracting implicit programming rules and detecting violations in large software code.
Implementing declarative overlays.
Analysis of a Denial of Service Attack on TCP.
Weakly learning DNF and characterizing statistical query learning using Fourier analysis.
The Cell Probe Complexity of Dynamic Data Structures
Almost Optimal Lower Bounds for Small Depth Circuits
On the efficiency of local decoding procedures for error-correcting codes.
Competitive Algorithms for On-line Problems
A Complexity Theoretic Approach to Randomness
Ambient touch: designing tactile interfaces for handheld devices.
BotMiner: Clustering Analysis of Network Traffic for Protocol- and Structure-Independent Botnet Detection.
Disk Shadowing.
Extrapolation methods for accelerating PageRank computations.
Canonical Forms and Unification.
Learning Boolean Concepts in the Presence of Many Irrelevant Features.
Abstract Argumentation Systems.
Modeling Adaptive Autonomous Agents.
From Logic Programming Towards Multi-Agent Systems.
Programming Parallel Algorithms.
Anonymous Web Transactions with Crowds.
DHRYSTONE: A Synthetic Systems Programming Benchmark.
A unified approach to subdivision algorithms near extraordinary vertices.
The Generative Lexicon.
Coping with Ambiguity and Unknown Words through Probabilistic Models.
Approximate Graph Coloring by Semidefinite Programming
Statistical Profile Estimation in Database Systems.
A survey of very large-scale neighborhood search techniques.
Proof-Carrying Authentication.
Pairings for cryptographers.
Pors: proofs of retrievability for large files.
A Computationally Efficient Evolutionary Algorithm for Real-Parameter Optimization.
Graph Grammars with Negative Application Conditions.
Effective View Navigation.
Predicting human interruptibility with sensors: a Wizard of Oz feasibility study.
The Complexity of Promise Problems with Applications to Public-Key Cryptography
POWER5 system microarchitecture.
Extending and Formalizing the Framework for Information Systems Architecture.
The SP2 High-Performance Switch.
Interactive Multiuser VEs in the DIVE System.
Artful systems in the home.
Aesthetics and Apparent Usability: Empirically Assessing Cultural and Methodological Issues.
Automatic Panoramic Image Stitching using Invariant Features.
Detecting salient blob-like image structures and their scales with a scale-space primal sketch: A method for focus-of-attention.
A Theory of Single-Viewpoint Catadioptric Image Formation.
Combining the Evidence of Multiple Query Representations for Information Retrieval.
Information retrieval by constrained spreading activation in semantic networks.
An Adapted Lesk Algorithm for Word Sense Disambiguation Using WordNet.
Feature-based correspondence: an eigenvector approach.
Nonmonotonic Logic II: Nonmonotonic Modal Theories.
The Maximum Concurrent Flow Problem
Undirected Single-Source Shortest Paths with Positive Integer Weights in Linear Time.
Learning When Training Data are Costly: The Effect of Class Distribution on Tree Induction.
An Efficient Membership-Query Algorithm for Learning DNF with Respect to the Uniform Distribution.
Almost Everywhere High Nonuniform Complexity.
A Game of Prediction with Expert Advice.
The Four-Colour Theorem.
Feature Selection for Unsupervised Learning.
Stacked Regressions.
The max-min hill-climbing Bayesian network structure learning algorithm.
A (Sub)Graph Isomorphism Algorithm for Matching Large Graphs.
Object Matching Using Deformable Templates.
Pattern Spectrum and Multiscale Shape Representation.
A Paraperspective Factorization Method for Shape and Motion Recovery.
Algorithms for Defining Visual Regions-of-Interest: Comparison with Eye Fixations.
Parametric Hidden Markov Models for Gesture Recognition.
Towards an Architecture-Independent Analysis of Parallel Algorithms.
A Cost-Value Approach for Prioritizing Requirements.
A Branch and Bound Algorithm for Feature Subset Selection.
Instruction Issue Logic for High-Performance Interruptible, Multiple Functional Unit, Pipelines Computers.
Distributing Hot-Spot Addressing in Large-Scale Multiprocessors.
Specification and proof in membership equational logic.
Infinite Games on Finitely Coloured Graphs with Applications to Automata on Infinite Trees.
Image quality assessment: from error visibility to structural similarity.
Dynamic Partitioning of Shared Cache Memory.
Description Logics in Data Management.
A Logical Framework for Querying and Repairing Inconsistent Databases.
Integrality and Separability of Input Devices.
Continuous Profiling: Where Have All the Cycles Gone?
Language Features for Flexible Handling of Exceptions in Information Systems.
Extending Relational Algebra and Relational Calculus with Set-Valued Attributes and Aggregate Functions.
Cross-parameterization and compatible remeshing of 3D models.
Linear rotation-invariant coordinates for meshes.
Image completion with structure propagation.
Face transfer with multilinear models.
Instant architecture.
Scene completion using millions of photographs.
PocketLens: Toward a personal recommender system.
Inside PageRank.
Packet reordering is not pathological network behavior.
End-to-end available bandwidth: measurement methodology, dynamics, and relation with TCP throughput.
Cache miss equations: a compiler framework for analyzing and tuning memory behavior.
Conformal Surface Parameterization for Texture Mapping.
Scattered Data Interpolation with Multilevel B-Splines.
A Predicate-based Caching Scheme for Client-Server Database Architectures
GRAdient Broadcast: A Robust Data Delivery Protocol for Large Scale Sensor Networks.
Specifying and enforcing access control policies for XML document sources.
Group awareness in distributed software development.
ORION 2.0: A fast and accurate NoC power and area model for early-stage design space exploration.
User interactions in social networks and their implications.
Gradient Vector Flow: A New External Force for Snakes.
ISDL: An Instruction Set Description Language for Retargetability.
Cycle-Accurate Simulation of Energy Consumption in Embedded Systems.
Validation with Guided Search of the State Space.
Physical Unclonable Functions for Device Authentication and Secret Key Generation.
Iterative Combinatorial Auctions: Theory and Practice.
Family Polymorphism.
Publicly Verifiable Secret Sharing.
Neutrality and the Evolvability of Boolean Function Landscape.
An Improved Error Model for Noisy Channel Spelling Correction.
Discovering Relations among Named Entities from Large Corpora.
An Efficient Approximation Scheme for the One-Dimensional Bin-Packing Problem
Throttling Viruses: Restricting propagation to defeat malicious mobile code.
Loose Loops Sink Chips.
Energy-Efficient Processor Design Using Multiple Clock Domains with Dynamic Voltage and Frequency Scaling.
LogTM-SE: Decoupling Hardware Transactional Memory from Caches.
Failure Trends in a Large Disk Drive Population.
Buffer block planning for interconnect-driven floorplanning.
Routing in Ad Hoc Networks Using a Spine.
Learning a Classification Model for Segmentation.
Toward a Theory of Knowledge Reuse: Types of Knowledge Reuse Situations and Factors in Reuse Success.
Testing the Determinants of Microcomputer Usage via a Structural Equation Model.
Disembodied conduct: communication through video in a multi-media office environment.
On the Surprising Behavior of Distance Metrics in High Dimensional Spaces.
Results of the Abbadingo One DFA Learning Competition and a New Evidence-Driven State Merging Algorithm.
Instruction-level parallel processing: History, overview, and perspective.
An RFID Distance Bounding Protocol.
-means clustering via principal component analysis.
Inductive Inference, DFAs, and Computational Complexity.
CQoS: a framework for enabling QoS in shared caches of CMP platforms.
The Dimensions of Maintenance.
A three-state model of graphical input.
Design considerations for solar energy harvesting wireless embedded systems.
Effects of Communication Latency, Overhead, and Bandwidth in a Cluster Architecture.
CHIMAERA: a high-performance architecture with a tightly-coupled reconfigurable functional unit.
Composition, reuse and interaction analysis of stateful aspects.
Modularisation and composition of aspectual requirements.
Voltage scheduling in the IpARM microprocessor system.
Molecular feature mining in HIV data.
Indexing multi-dimensional time-series with support for multiple distance measures.
Feedback effects between similarity and social influence in online communities.
A Categorical Semantics of Quantum Protocols.
Runtime Power Monitoring in High-End Processors: Methodology and Empirical Data.
Fair Queuing Memory Systems.
Content-based image retrieval: approaches and trends of the new age.
Characterizing achievable rates in multi-hop wireless networks: the joint routing and scheduling problem.
Deploying wireless sensors to achieve both coverage and connectivity.
Topology management for sensor networks: exploiting latency and density.
Efficient Pattern Recognition Using a New Transformation Distance.
On the impact of delay on real-time multiplayer games.
Alias annotations for program understanding.
Correlating Instrumentation Data to System States: A Building Block for Automated Diagnosis and Control.
DryadLINQ: A System for General-Purpose Distributed Data-Parallel Computing Using a High-Level Language.
An Interaction-based Language and its Typing System.
Making Views Self-Maintainable for Data Warehousing.
Energy Analysis of Public-Key Cryptography for Wireless Sensor Networks.
Approximate Counts and Quantiles over Sliding Windows.
Unfounded Sets and Well-Founded Semantics for General Logic Programs.
Compositional shape analysis by means of bi-abduction.
Knowledge Discovery from Users Web-Page Navigation.
Coordination Artifacts: Environment-Based Coordination for Intelligent Agents.
Three-Dimensional Widgets.
Image plane interaction techniques in 3D immersive environments.
Jigsaw: solving the puzzle of enterprise 802.11 analysis.
Floor Acquisition Multiple Access (FAMA) for Packet-Radio Networks.
The EMOTE model for effort and shape.
Modeling and Rendering of Weathered Stone.
Rapid, stable fluid dynamics for computer graphics.
Multiresolution Mesh Morphing.
Progressive Forest Split Compression.
A coherent projection approach for direct volume rendering.
An experimental comparison of naive bayesian and keyword-based anti-spam filtering with personal e-mail messages.
Evaluation by Highly Relevant Documents.
TelegraphCQ: Continuous Dataflow Processing.
Quickly Generating Billion-Record Synthetic Databases.
Adaptive Precision Setting for Cached Approximate Values.
Query Rewriting for Semistructured Data.
Set-Oriented Production Rules in Relational Database Systems.
An Interactive Clustering-based Approach to Integrating Source Query interfaces on the Deep Web.
Application Performance and Flexibility on Exokernel Systems.
The Design, Implementation and Evaluation of SMART: A Scheduler for Multimedia Applications.
Optimistic Incremental Specialization: Streamlining a Commercial Operating System.
EROS: a fast capability system.
RaceTrack: efficient detection of data race conditions via adaptive tracking.
Efficient OLAP Operations in Spatial Data Warehouses.
System Z: A Natural Ordering of Defaults with Tractable Applications to Nonmonotonic Reasoning.
Simulation Approaches to General Probabilistic Inference on Belief Networks.
The Multi-Queue Replacement Algorithm for Second Level Buffer Caches.
Acceleration Techniques for GPU-based Volume Rendering.
XmdvTool: Integrating Multiple Methods for Visualizing Multivariate Data.
Detecting Change in Data Streams.
Geocasting in Mobile Ad Hoc Networks: Location-Based Multicast Algorithms.
A probabilistic approach to spatiotemporal theme pattern mining on weblogs.
The Complexity of Finite Functions.
The Use of Explicit Plans to Guide Inductive Proofs.
Modelling Social Action for AI Agents.
Planning as Search: A Quantitative Approach.
Approximating Maximum Independent Sets by Excluding Subgraphs.
Action Research.
Another Look at Automatic Text-Retrieval Systems.
Keys for XML.
WSDM: A User Centered Design Method for Web Sites.
Should Computer Scientists Experiment More?
Lessons Learned from Building a Terabyte Digital Video Library.
Intelligent Access to Digital Video: Informedia Project.
GridFlow: Workflow Management for Grid Computing.
Concurrency Control in Advanced Database Applications.
Computational Stereo.
Feature-based similarity search in 3D object databases.
Hop-count filtering: an effective defense against spoofed DDoS traffic.
BIRCH: A New Data Clustering Algorithm and Its Applications.
Anomaly detection of web-based attacks.
Methodologies, tools and languages for building ontologies: Where is their meeting point?
Dynamic Power Management in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Real-Time Logics: Complexity and Expressiveness
Structured Operational Semantics and Bisimulation as a Congruence
Accuracy measures for evaluating computer pointing devices.
Does organisation by similarity assist image browsing?
Evaluation of eye gaze interaction.
Metrics for text entry research: an evaluation of MSD and KSPC, and a new unified error metric.
ButterflyNet: a mobile capture and access system for field biology research.
It's Mine, Don't Touch!: interactions at a large multi-touch display in a city centre.
Emotion & design: attractive things work better.
Fixed-Parameter Tractability of Graph Modification Problems for Hereditary Properties.
A Random Polynomial Time Algorithm for Approximating the Volume of Convex Bodies.
A Fast and Usually Linear Algorithm for Global Flow Analysis.
A New Approach to the Minimum Cut Problem.
A Simple On-Line Bin-Packing Algorithm
On the Equivalence of Database Models.
Worst-case Analysis of Set Union Algorithms.
PDDL2.1: An Extension to PDDL for Expressing Temporal Planning Domains.
Learning to Order Things.
Natural Proofs.
Ontology Evolution: Not the Same as Schema Evolution.
Towards a quantum programming language.
Shape Quantization And Recognition With Randomized Trees.
Multilayer feedforward networks with a nonpolynomial activation function can approximate any function.
Delay-dependent exponential stability analysis of delayed neural networks: an LMI approach.
A Fundamental Relationship between Bilateral Filtering, Adaptive Smoothing, and the Nonlinear Diffusion Equation.
Keypoint Recognition Using Randomized Trees.
Scale-Space for Discrete Signals.
Detecting Moving Shadows: Algorithms and Evaluation.
Linear Object Classes and Image Synthesis From a Single Example Image.
Texture classification and segmentation using multiresolution simultaneous autoregressive models.
Matching of palmprints.
A taxonomy for and analysis of tangible interfaces.
The Web as a Graph: Measurements, Models, and Methods.
Complexity Measures for Public-Key Cryptosystems.
Ordered and Unordered Tree Inclusion.
MANET simulation studies: the incredibles.
A taxonomy of scientific workflow systems for grid computing.
Case Studies for Method and Tool Evaluation.
Heuristic Algorithms for Task Assignment in Distributed Systems.
Synchronous Tree-Adjoining Grammars.
The base-rate fallacy and the difficulty of intrusion detection.
An Analytical Cache Model.
Size-based scheduling to improve web performance.
Task-Analytic Approach to the Automated Design of Graphic Presentations.
CHARMS: a simple framework for adaptive simulation.
Meshless deformations based on shape matching.
Loop-free routing using diffusing computations.
Ultracomputers.
An Experimental Determination of Sufficient Mutant Operators.
The Timed Asynchronous Distributed System Model.
A Genetic Algorithm for Multiprocessor Scheduling.
Compiling Global Name-Space Parallel Loops for Distributed Execution.
An Experimental Comparison of the Effectiveness of Branch Testing and Data Flow Testing.
Hierarchical Edge Bundles: Visualization of Adjacency Relations in Hierarchical Data.
Breaking Row and Column Symmetries in Matrix Models.
A Usability Study of Awareness Widgets in a Shared Workspace Groupware System.
TeamRooms: Network Places for Collaboration.
Rendezvous: An Architecture for Synchronous Multi-User Applications.
Athena: A New Efficient Automatic Checker for Security Protocol Analysis.
What is the set of images of an object under all possible lighting conditions?
Shared Binary Decision Diagram with Attributed Edges for Efficient Boolean function Manipulation.
Scratch: programming for all.
Brewer's conjecture and the feasibility of consistent, available, partition-tolerant web services.
Description Logics for Conceptual Data Modeling.
The Cartesian Product Algorithm: Simple and Precise Type Inference Of Parametric Polymorphism.
Design Patterns: Abstraction and Reuse of Object-Oriented Design.
System Guidelines for Co-located, Collaborative Work on a Tabletop Display.
Identifying fixations and saccades in eye-tracking protocols.
Public-Key Encryption in a Multi-user Setting: Security Proofs and Improvements.
An IR Approach for Translating New Words from Nonparallel, Comparable Texts.
Robust Temporal Processing of News.
Primal-Dual Approximation Algorithms for Metric Facility Location and k-Median Problems.
Timing-driven placement for FPGAs.
Interactive Animation of Structured Deformable Objects.
An Integrated Circuit/Architecture Approach to Reducing Leakage in Deep-Submicron High-Performance I-Caches.
Autopilot: Adaptive Control of Distributed Applications.
AHA! The adaptive hypermedia architecture.
High-density reachability analysis.
Power Optimization of Real-Time Embedded Systems on Variable Speed Processors.
Efficient Organization of Large Multidimensional Arrays.
Collaboration awareness in support of collaboration transparency: requirements for the next generation of shared window systems.
Fast Random Walk with Restart and Its Applications.
Applications of Temporal Logic to the Specification and Verification of Reactive Systems: A Survey of Current Trends.
Distributed Genetic Algorithms.
Learning Stochastic Regular Grammars by Means of a State Merging Method.
Efficient Password-Authenticated Key Exchange Using Human-Memorable Passwords.
On the (Im)possibility of Obfuscating Programs.
Learning to Probabilistically Identify Authoritative Documents.
Unknown Attribute Values in Induction.
Neural networks for control systems - A survey.
A dual coordinate descent method for large-scale linear SVM.
Qualitative Representation of Spatial Knowledge
Establishing Pairwise Keys for Secure Communication in Ad Hoc Networks: A Probabilistic Approach.
UIMA: an architectural approach to unstructured information processing in the corporate research environment.
A Data Cache with Multiple Caching Strategies Tuned to Different Types of Locality.
Quickly detecting relevant program invariants.
Splitting the Organization and Integrating the Code: Conway's Law Revisited.
Granularity in software product lines.
The Current State and Future of Search Based Software Engineering.
A survey of multi-agent organizational paradigms.
Design and Management of 3D Chip Multiprocessors Using Network-in-Memory.
Victim Replication: Maximizing Capacity while Hiding Wire Delay in Tiled Chip Multiprocessors.
Applying model-based techniques to the development of UIs for mobile computers.
Getting to know you: learning new user preferences in recommender systems.
Sentiment analysis: capturing favorability using natural language processing.
Horting Hatches an Egg: A New Graph-Theoretic Approach to Collaborative Filtering.
Regularized multi--task learning.
A quickstart in frequent structure mining can make a difference.
ANF: a fast and scalable tool for data mining in massive graphs.
A Probabilistic Powerdomain of Evaluations
Reducing set-associative cache energy via way-prediction and selective direct-mapping.
Power-driven Design of Router Microarchitectures in On-chip Networks.
On image auto-annotation with latent space models.
Minimizing energy for wireless web access with bounded slowdown.
Study of a bus-based disruption-tolerant network: mobility modeling and impact on routing.
Mop: an efficient and generic runtime verification framework.
Mostly Parallel Garbage Collection.
Communication Optimization and Code Generation for Distributed Memory Machines.
Coloring Heuristics for Register Allocation.
A Parallel, Real-Time Garbage Collector.
Squirrel: a decentralized peer-to-peer web cache.
Logical Foundations of Peer-To-Peer Data Integration.
Foundations of Semantic Web Databases.
Typed Closure Conversion.
Formalizing a Language for Institutions and Norms.
Analysis and Design of Multiagent Systems Using MAS-Common KADS.
Predictive performance and scalability modeling of a large-scale application.
Visual Navigation of Large Environments Using Textured Clusters.
Endpoint admission control: Architectural issues and performance.
Automatic reconstruction of surfaces and scalar fields from 3D scans.
Fast contact force computation for nonpenetrating rigid bodies.
A comprehensive physical model for light reflection.
Realistic, Hardware-Accelerated Shading and Lighting.
Image-Guided Streamline Placement.
Metropolis light transport.
An effective approach to document retrieval via utilizing WordNet and recognizing phrases.
The effect of topic set size on retrieval experiment error.
Information re-retrieval: repeat queries in Yahoo's logs.
A Cost-Based Model and Effective Heuristic for Repairing Constraints by Value Modification.
Constraint-Based XML Query Rewriting For Data Integration.
Incremental Updates of Inverted Lists for Text Document Retrieval.
Rate-based query optimization for streaming information sources.
Automating first-order relational logic.
SYNERGY: a new algorithm for property checking.
Comparing top k lists.
A Sense of Self for Unix Processes.
Seeing-Is-Believing: Using Camera Phones for Human-Verifiable Authentication.
Estimating simple functions on the union of data streams.
The importance of being biased.
Communication Complexity of Secure Computation (Extended Abstract)
The FaCT System.
HoloWall: Designing a Finger, Hand, Body, and Object Sensitive Wall.
Generating remote control interfaces for complex appliances.
Including Group-By in Query Optimization.
Cache Conscious Indexing for Decision-Support in Main Memory.
Disambiguating Web appearances of people in a social network.
Automatically refining the wikipedia infobox ontology.
Web ontology segmentation: analysis, classification and use.
A holistic lexicon-based approach to opinion mining.
Type Systems for Programming Languages.
SATCHMO: A Theorem Prover Implemented in Prolog.
A Theory of Abstraction.
The Intelligent Use of Space.
COLLAGEN: Applying Collaborative Discourse Theory to Human-Computer Interaction.
Telling humans and computers apart automatically.
The World-Wide Web: Quagmire or Gold Mine?
MyLifeBits: a personal database for everything.
Clustering versus faceted categories for information exploration.
Structuring Computer-Mediated Communication Systems to Avoid Information Overload.
Siteseer: Personalized Navigation for the Web.
Metacomputing.
Verifying Continuous Time Markov Chains.
A Discrete Strategy Improvement Algorithm for Solving Parity Games.
An Experimental Comparison of Naive Bayesian and Keyword-Based Anti-Spam Filtering with Personal E-mail Messages
Similarity-Based Models of Word Cooccurrence Probabilities
Nearly-Linear Time Algorithms for Graph Partitioning, Graph Sparsification, and Solving Linear Systems
Domestic Routines and Design for the Home.
Model-Based Recognition in Robot Vision.
An updated survey of GA-based multiobjective optimization techniques.
Analyzing oriented patterns.
Parametrization of Closed Surfaces for 3-D Shape Description.
Methods and problems of communication in usual networks.
Scalable, graph-based network vulnerability analysis.
The geometry of innocent flesh on the bone: return-into-libc without function calls (on the x86).
On the (Im)possibility of Obfuscating Programs
User Embodiment in Collaborative Virtual Environments.
"Stuff goes into the computer and doesn't come out": a cross-tool study of personal information management.
Deterministic Coin Tossing with Applications to Optimal Parallel List Ranking
UMEA: translating interaction histories into project contexts.
Recursion leads to automatic variable blocking for dense linear-algebra algorithms.
Algorithm for Computer Control of a Digital Plotter.
Laser pointer interaction.
Using Prior Shapes in Geometric Active Contours in a Variational Framework.
Coherence-Enhancing Diffusion Filtering.
Cognitive Walkthroughs: A Method for Theory-Based Evaluation of User Interfaces.
Adversarial queuing theory.
Faster Scaling Algorithms for General Graph-Matching Problems.
A simple min-cut algorithm.
Efficiency and Completeness of the Set of Support Strategy in Theorem Proving.
Monotonicity in Graph Searching.
Code Generation in the Polyhedral Model Is Easier Than You Think.
Casper: A Compiler for the Analysis of Security Protocols.
An information statistics approach to data stream and communication complexity.
Decision Procedures and Expressiveness in the Temporal Logic of Branching Time.
A tight bound on approximating arbitrary metrics by tree metrics.
Parallel Program Schemata.
Constraint Driven Web Service Composition in METEOR-S.
An Empirical Comparison of Selection Measures for Decision-Tree Induction.
ARTMAP: Supervised real-time learning and classification of nonstationary data by a self-organizing neural network.
Analysis of Planar Shapes Using Geodesic Paths on Shape Spaces.
The State of the Art in Online Handwriting Recognition.
Effective Bandwidths at Multi-Class Queues.
RSA and Rabin Functions: Certain Parts are as Hard as the Whole.
Finding Regular Simple Paths in Graph Databases.
An Optimal Synchronizer for the Hypercube.
Finite-Memory Automata.
Using AUC and Accuracy in Evaluating Learning Algorithms.
Training Cost-Sensitive Neural Networks with Methods Addressing the Class Imbalance Problem.
Geographic Random Forwarding (GeRaF) for Ad Hoc and Sensor Networks: Multihop Performance.
Task analysis for groupware usability evaluation: Modeling shared-workspace tasks with the mechanics of collaboration.
Predicting human interruptibility with sensors.
Learning physics-based motion style with nonlinear inverse optimization.
Partial and approximate symmetry detection for 3D geometry.
Formative Design-Evaluation of SuperBook.
Pricing in computer networks: motivation, formulation, and example.
Type Inference with Polymorphic Recursion.
A semantics for advice and dynamic join points in aspect-oriented programming.
VigilNet: An integrated sensor network system for energy-efficient surveillance.
CARISMA: Context-Aware Reflective mIddleware System for Mobile Applications.
An Ontological Model of an Information System.
A Near Optimal Isosurface Extraction Algorithm Using the Span Space.
ManyEyes: a Site for Visualization at Internet Scale.
On optimal call admission control in cellular networks.
OWL 2: The next step for OWL.
Scalable high performance main memory system using phase-change memory technology.
Secure Information Flow by Self-Composition.
Proving Properties of Security Protocols by Induction.
Activity Recognition and Abnormality Detection with the Switching Hidden Semi-Markov Model.
A Four-step Camera Calibration Procedure with Implicit Image Correction.
OBJ CUT.
Catadioptric Omnidirectional Camera.
Internet Users' Information Privacy Concerns (IUIPC): The Construct, the Scale, and a Causal Model.
Parameterized block-based statistical timing analysis with non-gaussian parameters, nonlinear delay functions.
Hardware-software co-design of embedded reconfigurable architectures.
Class-Based Construction of a Verb Lexicon.
Learning Subjective Adjectives from Corpora.
Ad-hoc networks beyond unit disk graphs.
Learning a Sparse Representation for Object Detection.
Tree Pattern Relaxation.
A Logical Approach to Multidimensional Databases.
Assisting Network Intrusion Detection with Reconfigurable Hardware.
A dynamic instruction set computer.
The Unique Games Conjecture, Integrality Gap for Cut Problems and Embeddability of Negative Type Metrics into l.
The Interpolation Attack on Block Ciphers.
New Block Encryption Algorithm MISTY.
A New Memory Monitoring Scheme for Memory-Aware Scheduling and Partitioning.
PlanetP: Using Gossiping to Build Content Addressable Peer-to-Peer Information Sharing Communities.
Resource Co-Allocation in Computational Grids.
The Personal Server: Changing the Way We Think about Ubiquitous Computing.
Pregel: a system for large-scale graph processing.
Module placement on BSG-structure and IC layout applications.
Communication synthesis for distributed embedded systems.
The Sample Average Approximation Method for Stochastic Discrete Optimization.
A Bayesian Approach to Unsupervised One-Shot Learning of Object Categories.
Probabilistic Boosting-Tree: Learning Discriminative Models for Classification, Recognition, and Clustering.
Using Model Checking to Generate Tests from Specifications.
A Representation for the Adaptive Generation of Simple Sequential Programs.
Network Calculus: A Theory of Deterministic Queuing Systems for the Internet
Energy conservation techniques for disk array-based servers.
Should Internet Service Providers Fear Peer-Assisted Content Distribution?
Semidefinite programming for ad hoc wireless sensor network localization.
Cooperative Caching for Chip Multiprocessors.
A First-Order Superscalar Processor Model.
Detailed Design and Evaluation of Redundant Multithreading Alternatives.
Finding bugs with a constraint solver.
Informing the Detection of the Students' Motivational State: An Empirical Study.
TaskTracer: a desktop environment to support multi-tasking knowledge workers.
Depth first generation of long patterns.
Learning to match and cluster large high-dimensional data sets for data integration.
Maximizing Loop Parallelism and Improving Data Locality via Loop Fusion and Distribution.
Semantical Analysis of Higher-Order Abstract Syntax.
Caching strategies in on-demand routing protocols for wireless ad hoc networks.
Topology control for wireless sensor networks.
Social network analysis for routing in disconnected delay-tolerant MANETs.
Call Graph Construction in Object-Oriented Languages.
Contrasting Characteristics and Cache Performance of Technical and Multi-User Commercial Workloads.
Fast, Effective Code Generation in a Just-In-Time Java Compiler.
Practicing JUDO: Java under dynamic optimizations.
The design, implementation, and evaluation of a compiler algorithm for CPU energy reduction.
Jungloid mining: helping to navigate the API jungle.
Validating Streaming XML Documents.
From symptom to cause: localizing errors in counterexample traces.
Representing Monads.
Scalable error detection using boolean satisfiability.
Sorting by reversals is difficult.
A Review of Nonlinear Diffusion Filtering.
Information Extraction: Techniques and Challenges.
Multi-Chart Geometry Images.
Quality Adaptation for Congestion Controlled Video Playback over the Internet.
On the characteristics and origins of internet flow rates.
E-privacy in 2nd generation E-commerce: privacy preferences versus actual behavior.
Rendering effective route maps: improving usability through generalization.
Antialiasing through stochastic sampling.
Six Degree-of-Freedom Haptic Rendering Using Voxel Sampling.
Interactive pen-and-ink illustration.
Hierarchical Image Caching for Accelerated Walkthroughs of Complex Environments.
Exploiting Redundancy in Question Answering.
Compression of inverted indexes for fast query evaluation.
Improving web search results using affinity graph.
Dynamic XML documents with distribution and replication.
A Data Model and Query Language for EXODUS.
Time-parameterized queries in spatio-temporal databases.
Efficient instruction scheduling for a pipelined architecture.
Approximate Nearest Neighbor Queries in Fixed Dimensions.
Reductions in streaming algorithms, with an application to counting triangles in graphs.
Algorithms for facility location problems with outliers.
Capriccio: scalable threads for internet services.
Borrowed-virtual-time (BVT) scheduling: supporting latency-sensitive threads in a general-purpose schedular.
Dictionary matching and indexing with errors and don't cares.
Excluded minors, network decomposition, and multicommodity flow.
Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis.
Estimating Continuous Distributions in Bayesian Classifiers.
TreadMarks: Distributed Shared Memory on Standard Workstations and Operating Systems.
The BSD Packet Filter: A New Architecture for User-level Packet Capture.
Flashback: A Lightweight Extension for Rollback and Deterministic Replay for Software Debugging.
Provenance-Aware Storage Systems.
To Weave the Web.
Querying in Highly Mobile Distributed Environments.
The History of Histograms (abridged).
Dynamic Maintenance of Wavelet-Based Histograms.
Efficient User-Adaptable Similarity Search in Large Multimedia Databases.
Indexing Multi-Dimensional Uncertain Data with Arbitrary Probability Density Functions.
Identifying Similar Code with Program Dependence Graphs.
Introducing MorphMix: peer-to-peer based anonymous Internet usage with collusion detection.
An on-demand secure routing protocol resilient to byzantine failures.
A dynamic bayesian network click model for web search ranking.
Constraint Propagation with Interval Labels.
Temporal Data Base Management.
An agenda-based framework for multi-issue negotiation.
Linear-Space Best-First Search.
CHARADE: Remote Control of Objects Using Free-Hand Gestures.
Threaded Code.
Composing crosscutting concerns using composition filters.
Making Work Visible.
Data-centric storage in sensornets.
Epidemic Information Dissemination in Distributed Systems.
DDM - A Cache-Only Memory Architecture.
Classifying Schematic and Data Heterogeneity in Multidatabase Systems.
Amoeba: A Distributed Operating System for the 1990s.
Market-Oriented Cloud Computing: Vision, Hype, and Reality for Delivering IT Services as Computing Utilities
Client-Server Computing in Mobile Environments.
Formal Models for Computer Security.
A survey of Web cache replacement strategies.
Accountable-subgroup multisignatures: extended abstract.
OCB: a block-cipher mode of operation for efficient authenticated encryption.
A UML profile for multidimensional modeling in data warehouses.
Intra-Task Voltage Scheduling for Low-Energy, Hard Real-Time Applications.
The Elements of Computer Credibility.
Who wants to know what when? privacy preference determinants in ubiquitous computing.
The Design and Evaluation of a High-Performance Soft Keyboard.
Conceptual Modeling of Device-Independent Web Applications.
Acquisition of expanding targets.
Life, Death, and Lawfulness on the Electronic Frontier.
The Task Gallery: a 3D window manager.
Digital Family Portrait Field Trial: Support for Aging in Place.
Robust Object Detection with Interleaved Categorization and Segmentation.
A novel algorithm for color constancy.
A study of particle swarm optimization particle trajectories.
Proving Theorems about LISP Functions.
On the Length of Programs for Computing Finite Binary Sequences.
Characterizations of Pushdown Machines in Terms of Time-Bounded Computers.
A local search mechanism for peer-to-peer networks.
Implicit user modeling for personalized search.
Autonomously semantifying wikipedia.
Effective keyword search for valuable lcas over xml documents.
Can all tags be used for search?
Database-friendly random projections: Johnson-Lindenstrauss with binary coins.
Handle-Rewriting Hypergraph Grammars.
The Alternating Fixpoint of Logic Programs with Negation.
Deriving Descriptions of Possible Values of Program Variables by Means of Abstract Interpretation.
The Nexus Approach to Integrating Multithreading and Communication.
State in Haskell.
Reasoning about Programs in Continuation-Passing Style.
Is Combining Classifiers with Stacking Better than Selecting the Best One?
Clausal Discovery.
Decision Tree Induction Based on Efficient Tree Restructuring.
Energy-Efficient Broadcast and Multicast Trees in Wireless Networks.
Topographic Independent Component Analysis.
A Unifying Review of Linear Gaussian Models.
Concepts and paradigms of object-oriented programming.
Visual Image Retrieval by Elastic Matching of User Sketches.
Automatic Analysis of Multimodal Group Actions in Meetings.
On Aligning Curves.
Structural Indexing: Efficient 3-D Object Recognition.
Hybrid attribute reduction based on a novel fuzzy-rough model and information granulation.
Fisherpalms based palmprint recognition.
Cluster Validity Methods: Part I.
Modular Software Design with Crosscutting Interfaces.
On Binary Methods.
Fault-Tolerant Wormhole Routing Algorithms for Mesh Networks.
Genetic Algorithm and Graph Partitioning.
An Implicit Enumeration Algorithm to Generate Tests for Combinational Logic Circuits.
The particle swarm - explosion, stability, and convergence in a multidimensional complex space.
A simple algorithm for homeomorphic surface reconstruction.
Global Viewing of Heterogeneous Data Sources.
What you Always Wanted to Know About Datalog (And Never Dared to Ask).
An Information Theoretic Approach to Rule Induction from Databases.
Scaling Access to Heterogeneous Data Sources with DISCO.
Geographic Random Forwarding (GeRaF) for Ad Hoc and Sensor Networks: Energy and Latency Performance.
Synchronizing Shared Abstract Types
Gossip-based peer sampling.
An Empirical Study of Algorithms for Point-Feature Label Placement.
Triple product wavelet integrals for all-frequency relighting.
Extending Object-Oriented Systems with Roles.
Traits: A mechanism for fine-grained reuse.
A machine-checked model for a Java-like language, virtual machine, and compiler.
Scaling Step-Wise Refinement.
Machine Learning for User Modeling.
Predictive Statistical Models for User Modeling.
YAGO: A Large Ontology from Wikipedia and WordNet.
WebTables: exploring the power of tables on the web.
Threshold Ring Signatures and Applications to Ad-hoc Groups.
Sharing and building digital group histories.
Populating the Application: A Model of Awareness for Cooperative Applications.
Probabilistic Modeling of Local Appearance and Spatial Relationships for Object Recognition.
Equivalence Checking Using Cuts and Heaps.
A study on the use of non-parametric tests for analyzing the evolutionary algorithms' behaviour: a case study on the CEC'2005 Special Session on Real Parameter Optimization.
Fast Global Minimization of the Active Contour/Snake Model.
Topology control and routing in ad hoc networks: a survey.
Collaborative Interface Agents.
Server Ranking for Distributed Text Retrieval Systems on the Internet.
Abstracting Object Interactions Using Composition Filters.
S-CREAM - Semi-automatic CREAtion of Metadata.
Efficient Anonymous Channel and All/Nothing Election Scheme.
A time-multiplexed FPGA.
Universally Composable Protocols with Relaxed Set-Up Assumptions.
Minimizing Congestion in General Networks.
Nash Equilibria in Competitive Societies, with Applications to Facility Location, Traffic Routing and Auctions.
A Guided Tour Across the Boundaries of Learning Recursive Languages.
Yenta: A Multi-Agent, Referral-Based Matchmaking System.
Developing and validating an instrument for measuring user-perceived web quality.
RapidAccurate Optimization of Difficult Problems Using Fast Messy Genetic Algorithms.
Data management for mobile computing.
On the (In)security of the Fiat-Shamir Paradigm.
Efficient Identity-Based Encryption Without Random Oracles.
Margin based feature selection - theory and algorithms.
Algorithms for Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
FVC2002: Second Fingerprint Verification Competition.
Performance Analysis Using the MIPS R10000 Performance Counters.
Detection of Logical Coupling Based on Product Release History.
Evolution in Open Source Software: A Case Study.
Center CLICK: A Clustering Algorithm with Applications to Gene Expression Analysis.
Improved Approximation Algorithms for Metric Facility Location Problems.
Fast discovery of connection subgraphs.
Stall-Time Fair Memory Access Scheduling for Chip Multiprocessors.
Auto-summarization of audio-video presentations.
A unified framework for semantics and feature based relevance feedback in image retrieval systems.
How flickr helps us make sense of the world: context and content in community-contributed media collections.
Sending messages to mobile users in disconnected ad-hoc wireless networks.
Directional virtual carrier sensing for directional antennas in mobile ad hoc networks.
Hood: A Neighborhood Abstraction for Sensor Networks.
Multicast tree construction and flooding in wireless ad hoc networks.
Alignment by Agreement.
Reinforcement Learning with Hierarchies of Machines.
Programming Sensor Networks Using Abstract Regions.
A Graph-based System for Network-vulnerability Analysis.
A Feedback-driven Proportion Allocator for Real-Rate Scheduling.
Operating System Support for Improving Data Locality on CC-NUMA Compute Servers.
The Program Dependence Web: A Representation Supporting Control, Data, and Demand-Driven Interpretation of Imperative Languages.
Modeling Building-Block Interdependency.
First version of a data flow procedure language.
ExScal: Elements of an Extreme Scale Wireless Sensor Network.
RING: A Client-Server System for Multi-User Virtual Environments.
Zigzag decoding: combating hidden terminals in wireless networks.
Cross-lingual relevance models.
Learning Collection Fusion Strategies.
Studying the use of popular destinations to enhance web search interaction.
Practical Prefetching via Data Compression.
Deriving Private Information from Randomized Data.
RankSQL: Query Algebra and Optimization for Relational Top-k Queries.
Random Sampling Techniques for Space Efficient Online Computation of Order Statistics of Large Datasets.
LINQ: reconciling object, relations and XML in the .NET framework.
Flow and Stretch Metrics for Scheduling Continuous Job Streams.
Greedy optimal homotopy and homology generators.
The price of being near-sighted.
The Click modular router.
Replication in the Harp File System.
Evolutionary Algorithms and the Maximum Matching Problem.
Quantum Circuits with Mixed States.
Optimal approximation for the submodular welfare problem in the value oracle model.
Automatic thumbnail cropping and its effectiveness.
The DigitalDesk calculator: tangible manipulation on a desk top display.
Hierarchical Parallel Coordinates for Exploration of Large Datasets.
On The Marriage of Lp-norms and Edit Distance.
Practical Skew Handling in Parallel Joins.
Don't Be Lazy, Be Consistent: Postgres-R, A New Way to Implement Database Replication.
Extracting Large-Scale Knowledge Bases from the Web.
Composing Mappings Among Data Sources.
SPARK: A High-Lev l Synthesis Framework For Applying Parallelizing Compiler Transformations.
PowerScope: A Tool for Profiling the Energy Usage of Mobile Applications.
Internet Suspend/Resume.
Environment as a first class abstraction in multiagent systems.
Ramification and Causality.
Domain-Independent Planning: Representation and Plan Generation.
LogP: A Practical Model of Parallel Computation.
Video as a Technology for Informal Communication.
Trust online.
The Information System as a Competitive Weapon.
Concurrent Reading and Writing.
Memoing for Logic Programs.
Feature interaction: a critical review and considered forecast.
Improving Web Interaction on Small Displays.
One-way functions and pseudorandom generators.
A Survey of Cache Coherence Schemes for Multiprocessors.
Automatic Extraction of Subcategorization from Corpora
A Winnow-Based Approach to Context-Sensitive Spelling Correction
The Consensus Problem in Fault-Tolerant Computing.
Efficient Algorithms for Geometric Optimization.
A survey of graph layout problems.
Trace-Driven Memory Simulation: A Survey.
Recovery Techniques for Database Systems.
Real-Time Inverse Kinematics Techniques for Anthropomorphic Limbs.
Free viewpoint action recognition using motion history volumes.
Efficient Verifiable Encryption (and Fair Exchange) of Digital Signatures.
Efficiency improvements for signature schemes with tight security reductions.
MSQL: A Query Language for Database Mining.
Discovery and Evaluation of Aggregate Usage Profiles for Web Personalization.
Efficient Arithmetic on Koblitz Curves.
Cutting Hyperplanes for Divide-and-Conquer.
Evolutionary Algorithms, Homomorphous Mappings, and Constrained Parameter Optimization.
On the (In)security of the Fiat-Shamir Paradigm
Keeping things in context: a comparative evaluation of focus plus context screens, overviews, and zooming.
Using heuristics to evaluate the playability of games.
A New Version of the Rule Induction System LERS.
Minimal-change integrity maintenance using tuple deletions.
: A Consumer Multimedia Organization and Retrieval System.
Survey on User Interface Programming.
Information Foraging in Information Access Environments.
Digital Manipulatives: New Toys to Think With.
Dynamic Textures.
Rough Classification.
Crosscurrents: cultural dimensions and global Web user-interface design.
Private vs. Common Random Bits in Communication Complexity.
From Highly Relevant to Not Relevant: Examining Different Regions of Relevance.
An axiomatic characterization of a fuzzy generalization of rough sets.
Asynchronous Consensus and Broadcast Protocols
Poly-logarithmic deterministic fully-dynamic algorithms for connectivity, minimum spanning tree, 2-edge, and biconnectivity.
A polynomial-time approximation algorithm for the permanent of a matrix with nonnegative entries.
Three Logics for Branching Bisimulation.
A Knowledge Compilation Map.
A System for Induction of Oblique Decision Trees.
SHOP2: An HTN Planning System.
Fast Parallel and Serial Approximate String Matching.
Inferring from Inconsistency in Preference-Based Argumentation Frameworks.
The concept of relevance in IR.
Modeling and Analysis of Workflows Using Petri Nets.
A Practical Framework for the Abstract Interpretation of Logic Programs.
A formal approach to component adaptation.
Undecidability of Static Analysis.
Coping With Systems Risk: Security Planning Models for Management Decision Making.
Distributed Representations, Simple Recurrent Networks, and Grammatical Structure.
A Winnow-Based Approach to Context-Sensitive Spelling Correction.
Self-Improving Reactive Agents Based On Reinforcement Learning, Planning and Teaching.
MANTIS OS: An Embedded Multithreaded Operating System for Wireless Micro Sensor Platforms.
Reinforcement Learning in Continuous Time and Space.
A Sequential Learning Scheme for Function Approximation Using Minimal Radial Basis Function Neural Networks.
Projected Gradient Methods for Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
Face Recognition Using Line Edge Map.
Individual Recognition Using Gait Energy Image.
Linear Dimensionality Reduction via a Heteroscedastic Extension of LDA: The Chernoff Criterion.
Surface Reflection: Physical and Geometrical Perspectives.
The Computation of Visible-Surface Representations.
Tracking Multiple Humans in Complex Situations.
Estimation of Illuminant Direction, Albedo, and Shape from Shading.
The degree sequence of a scale-free random graph process.
Algorithms and Complexity Concerning the Preemptive Scheduling of Periodic, Real-Time Tasks on One Processor.
Compressed Suffix Arrays and Suffix Trees with Applications to Text Indexing and String Matching.
Comparing Top k Lists.
A Query Language for a Web-Site Management System.
Scenarios in System Development: Current Practice.
Using Profile Information to Assist Classic Code Optimizations.
Identifying Syntactic differences Between Two Programs.
A taxonomy of variability realization techniques.
Power-Aware Scheduling for Periodic Real-Time Tasks.
Implementing Precise Interrupts in Pipelined Processors.
Some APX-completeness results for cubic graphs.
Presto: an experimental architecture for fluid interactive document spaces.
A File System for Continuous Media.
Instruction generation for hybrid reconfigurable systems.
Composing schema mappings: Second-order dependencies to the rescue.
Extended Algebra and Calculus for Nested Relational Databases.
Strong functional dependencies and their application to normal forms in XML.
The SIFT Information Dissemination System.
Fragment-based image completion.
Automatic photo pop-up.
Texture optimization for example-based synthesis.
Physically based modeling and animation of fire.
Context-Sensitive Learning Methods for Text Categorization.
Stable internet routing without global coordination.
Answer sets for consistent query answering in inconsistent databases.
Synthesis of Behavioral Models from Scenarios.
Stochastic Properties of the Random Waypoint Mobility Model.
Robot Pose Estimation in Unknown Environments by Matching 2D Range Scans.
Using Constraint Programming and Local Search Methods to Solve Vehicle Routing Problems.
The Smart Phone: A Ubiquitous Input Device.
DL-Lite: Tractable Description Logics for Ontologies.
The Andes Physics Tutoring System: Lessons Learned.
Generalizing Generalizability in Information Systems Research.
An Action Language Based on Causal Explanation: Preliminary Report.
Probabilistic Frame-Based Systems.
Feature Selection for Ensembles.
Towards the Digital Music Library: Tune Retrieval from Acoustic Input.
Binary Component Adaptation.
MAFRA - A MApping FRAmework for Distributed Ontologies.
Twenty years of eye typing: systems and design issues.
BPLRU: A Buffer Management Scheme for Improving Random Writes in Flash Storage.
Fast Broadcasting and Gossiping in Radio Networks.
Reasoning about Gradual Changes of Topological Relationships.
Spatial Hypertext and the Practice of Information Triage.
Utility Functions in Autonomic Systems.
Efficient Thermal Placement of Standard Cells in 3D ICs using a Force Directed Approach.
Predicting Positive and Negative Links in Online Social Networks
Why Should I Share? Examining Social Capital and Knowledge Contribution in Electronic Networks of Practice.
Enticing online consumers: an extended technology acceptance perspective.
What drives mobile commerce?: An empirical evaluation of the revised technology acceptance model.
Chained Declustering: A New Availability Strategy for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
Conjunctive Query Containment Revisited.
Localizing Overlapping Parts by Searching the Interpretation Tree.
Systems Development in Information Systems Research.
Attacking DDoS at the Source.
Limited Discrepancy Search.
Characterizing residential broadband networks.
Ensemble-level Power Management for Dense Blade Servers.
A Case for Two-Way Skewed-Associative Caches.
The Case for Lifetime Reliability-Aware Microprocessors.
Estimation of standby leakage power in CMOS circuits considering accurate modeling of transistor stacks.
Full chip leakage estimation considering power supply and temperature variations.
Automatic Extraction of Biological Information from Scientific Text: Protein-Protein Interactions.
A cross-collection mixture model for comparative text mining.
Automatic Array Privatization.
The Fusion Calculus: Expressiveness and Symmetry in Mobile Processes
Protecting Mobile Agents Against Malicious Hosts.
Efficient Peer-to-Peer Keyword Searching.
A Feature-Based Algorithm for Detecting and Classifying Scene Breaks.
Online power-aware routing in wireless Ad-hoc networks.
UCAN: a unified cellular and ad-hoc network architecture.
Boundary recognition in sensor networks by topological methods.
A charging and rewarding scheme for packet forwarding in multi-hop cellular networks.
Secure Human Identification Protocols.
A New Logical Characterisation of Stable Models and Answer Sets.
LEneS: task scheduling for low-energy systems using variable supply voltage processors.
The Design and Implementation of Zap: A System for Migrating Computing Environments.
Improving MapReduce Performance in Heterogeneous Environments.
The Interaction of Architecture and Operating System Design.
Space-Time Scheduling of Instruction-Level Parallelism on a Raw Machine.
Towards Measuring Anonymity.
Fast, Effective Dynamic Compilation.
Enhanced Code Compression for Embedded RISC Processors.
Race checking by context inference.
A Semantics for a Logic of Authentication (Extended Abstract).
Principles of dataspace systems.
Transforming Out Timing Leaks.
Fluid Flow Approximation of PEPA models.
Schedulability Analysis for Tasks with Static and Dynamic Offsets.
A proportional share resource allocation algorithm for real-time, time-shared systems.
Detecting deception in reputation management.
SECTOR: secure tracking of node encounters in multi-hop wireless networks.
GEM: graph eMbedding for routing and data-centric storage in sensor networks without geographic information.
A stochastic model of TCP/IP with stationary random.
A framework for classifying denial of service attacks.
Development of the domain name system.
Comparison of Rate-Based Service Disciplines.
A declarative approach to business rules in contracts: courteous logic programs in XML.
A study in interactive 3-D rotation using 2-D control devices.
Animation of dynamic legged locomotion.
Efficient Generation of Motion Transitions Using Spacetime Constraints.
Depicting fire and other gaseous phenomena using diffusion processes.
Reaction-diffusion textures.
Optimization of Inverted Vector Searches.
Collaborative filtering via gaussian probabilistic latent semantic analysis.
Analysis of SRPT scheduling: investigating unfairness.
Clio grows up: from research prototype to industrial tool.
Injecting utility into anonymized datasets.
Warping Indexes with Envelope Transforms for Query by Humming.
Fbufs: A High-Bandwidth Cross-Domain Transfer Facility.
Distributed Detection of Node Replication Attacks in Sensor Networks.
Novel architectures for P2P applications: the continuous-discrete approach.
Running time and program size for self-assembled squares.
Balanced allocations (extended abstract).
Min-Wise Independent Permutations (Extended Abstract).
Declarative Data Cleaning: Language, Model, and Algorithms.
Cache Conscious Algorithms for Relational Query Processing.
Storage Estimation for Multidimensional Aggregates in the Presence of Hierarchies.
XDuce: A Typed XML Processing Language (Preliminary Report).
Improving mobile internet usability.
Geospatial mapping and navigation of the web.
A measurement-driven analysis of information propagation in the flickr social network.
From Statistical Knowledge Bases to Degrees of Belief.
LAO: A heuristic search algorithm that finds solutions with loops.
Generating Hard Satisfiability Problems.
Computing ideal sceptical argumentation.
CYC: Toward Programs With Common Sense.
A survey of curve and surface methods in CAGD.
Models of Translational Equivalence among Words.
TTP - A Protocol for Fault-Tolerant Real-Time Systems.
I/O Issues in a Multimedia System.
Virtual Machine Monitors: Current Technology and Future Trends.
Efficient Private Bidding and Auctions with an Oblivious Third Party.
Provably secure ciphertext policy ABE.
Fast Template Placement for Reconfigurable Computing Systems.
Creating Interactive Virtual Humans: Some Assembly Required.
Spiking Neural P Systems.
Triangles: Tangible Interface for Manipulation and Exploration of Digital Information Topography.
MAAN: A Multi-Attribute Addressable Network for Grid Information Services.
Searching in the Plane
A spatial logic for concurrency (part I).
Process Rewrite Systems.
Interacting at a distance: measuring the performance of laser pointers and other devices.
The familiar stranger: anxiety, comfort, and play in public places.
A Multiple Device Approach for Supporting Whiteboard-Based Interactions.
Mediating intimacy: designing technologies to support strong-tie relationships.
Computing occluding and transparent motions.
Tolerating Noisy, Irrelevant and Novel Attributes in Instance-Based Learning Algorithms.
A foundation for capturing and querying complex multidimensional data.
Centroid of a type-2 fuzzy set.
Scale-sensitive dimensions, uniform convergence, and learnability.
An Optimal Algorithm for Intersecting Line Segments in the Plane.
Reaching approximate agreement in the presence of faults.
Algorithms for Scheduling Independent Tasks.
Hierarchical document categorization with support vector machines.
Content-based retrieval in hybrid peer-to-peer networks.
Condorcet fusion for improved retrieval.
The query-flow graph: model and applications.
Routing, Merging, and Sorting on Parallel Models of Computation.
Typechecking for XML transformers.
The Zipper.
Learning Probabilistic Models of Link Structure.
Towards optimal bag-of-features for object categorization and semantic video retrieval.
Argumentation Semantics for Defeasible Logic.
The Contribution of Shared Knowledge to IS Group Performance.
Linear Least-Squares Algorithms for Temporal Difference Learning.
Similarity-Based Models of Word Cooccurrence Probabilities.
Training Invariant Support Vector Machines.
Unifying Instance-Based and Rule-Based Induction.
People, Places, Things: Web Presence for the Real World.
Blind Source Separation by Sparse Decomposition in a Signal Dictionary.
A Pixel Dissimilarity Measure That Is Insensitive to Image Sampling.
Complexity Measures of Supervised Classification Problems.
Convolutional Face Finder: A Neural Architecture for Fast and Robust Face Detection.
Integrating Faces and Fingerprints for Personal Identification.
Symmetry as a Continuous Feature.
Characterization and detection of noise in clustering.
Software and the concurrency revolution.
Modeling component connectors in Reo by constraint automata.
ATL: A model transformation tool.
Upper and Lower Time Bounds for Parallel Random Access Machines without Simultaneous Writes.
The L(2, 1)-Labeling Problem on Graphs.
The Inference Problem: A Survey.
Mining Fuzzy Association Rules in Databases.
A Rule-Based Approach to Prepositional Phrase Attachment Disambiguation.
Toward Memory-based Translation.
Sequential and Concurrent Behaviour in Petri Net Theory.
Transducers and Repetitions.
On the Distributional Complexity of Disjointness.
A Packing Problem with Applications to Lettering of Maps.
Goodput Analysis and Link Adaptation for IEEE 802.11a Wireless LANs.
Implementing Atomic Actions on Decentralized Data
Concurrency Control in a System for Distributed Databases (SDD-1).
Vertical Partitioning Algorithms for Database Design.
Managing uncertainty in moving objects databases.
A Linear-Time Probabilistic Counting Algorithm for Database Applications.
Ordered and quantum treemaps: Making effective use of 2D space to display hierarchies.
Salient geometric features for partial shape matching and similarity.
FiberMesh: designing freeform surfaces with 3D curves.
Network support for IP traceback.
Optimal Code Motion: Theory and Practice.
Demonstration of Automatic Data Partitioning Techniques for Parallelizing Compilers on Multicomputers.
Managerial Use of Metrics for Object-Oriented Software: An Exploratory Analysis.
Comparing the Effectiveness of Software Testing Strategies.
An Empirical Study of Speed and Communication in Globally Distributed Software Development.
The Amulet Environment: New Models for Effective User Interface Software Development.
A Trace-Driven Simulation Study of Dynamic Load Balancing.
Universal Electronic Cash.
Architecting phase change memory as a scalable dram alternative.
Designing and deploying an information awareness interface.
On the recommending of citations for research papers.
An Integrating, Transformation-Oriented Approach to Concurrency Control and Undo in Group Editors.
A Framework for Estimation and Minimizing Energy Dissipation of Embedded HW/SW Systems.
Compact thermal modeling for temperature-aware design.
Logical Approaches to Incomplete Information: A Survey.
TAX: A Tree Algebra for XML.
Activity Recognition from Accelerometer Data.
MnM: Ontology Driven Semi-automatic and Automatic Support for Semantic Markup.
The Structure of Shared Forests in Ambiguous Parsing.
Robust Pronoun Resolution with Limited Knowledge.
Approximation Schemes for Minimizing Average Weighted Completion Time with Release Dates.
Proof Verification and Hardness of Approximation Problems
Quantum Lower Bounds by Polynomials.
Scheduling Multithreaded Computations by Work Stealing
Market Equilibrium via a Primal-Dual-Type Algorithm.
Optimal Resilience Proactive Public-Key Cryptosystems.
Near-Optimal Hashing Algorithms for Approximate Nearest Neighbor in High Dimensions.
Classification of Security Properties (Part I: Information Flow).
All-or-Nothing Encryption and the Package Transform.
Graph Types for Monadic Mobile Processes.
Accurate activity recognition in a home setting.
What Good Are Digital Clocks?
KeyGraph: Automatic Indexing by Co-Occurrence Graph Based on Building Construction Metaphor.
Modeling Scenes with Local Descriptors and Latent Aspects.
RoboCup: The Robot World Cup Initiative.
Automata and computability.
Network-Aware Operator Placement for Stream-Processing Systems.
Complexity Compression and Evolution.
Sensor Networks for Emergency Response: Challenges and Opportunities.
A Logical Semantics for Feature Structures.
Code scheduling and register allocation in large basic blocks.
Evidence-Based Software Engineering.
Maintaining mental models: a study of developer work habits.
Slicing Object-Oriented Software.
Expertise browser: a quantitative approach to identifying expertise.
Model-based development of dynamically adaptive software.
The steerable pyramid: a flexible architecture for multi-scale derivative computation.
A Stochastic Approach to Content Adaptive Digital Image Watermarking.
GASS: A Data Movement and Access Service for Wide Area Computing Systems.
A scheme for robust distributed sensor fusion based on average consensus.
Simultaneous Subordinate Microthreading (SSMT).
*T: A Multithreaded Massively Parallel Architecture.
Virtual machine support for dynamic join points.
Leakage power modeling and optimization in interconnection networks.
Test vector decompression via cyclical scan chains and its application to testing core-based designs.
SUPPLE: automatically generating user interfaces.
An NP Decision Procedure for Protocol Insecurity with XOR.
Tracing Anonymous Packets to Their Approximate Source.
Intrusion detection in wireless ad-hoc networks.
Cryptanalytic Time/Memory/Data Tradeoffs for Stream Ciphers.
Design and Implementation of a Routing Control Platform.
Object Structure in the Emerald System.
Performance Evaluation of Two Home-Based Lazy Release Consistency Protocols for Shared Virtual Memory Systems.
Reducing Memory Latency via Non-blocking and Prefetching Caches.
A VLIW Architecture for a Trace Scheduling Compiler.
Fine-Grain Parallelism with Minimal Hardware Support: A Compiler-Controlled Threaded Abstract Machine.
KAoS Policy and Domain Services: Toward a Description-Logic Approach to Policy Representation, Deconfliction, and Enforcement.
Towards Practical Automated Trust Negotiation.
Pointer-Induced Aliasing: A Problem Classification.
The essence of command injection attacks in web applications.
OpenMP to GPGPU: a compiler framework for automatic translation and optimization.
On the Performance Assessment and Comparison of Stochastic Multiobjective Optimizers.
The security of vehicular ad hoc networks.
Interactive ray tracing.
Scalable Feedback Control for Multicast Video Distribution in the Internet.
Idle sense: an optimal access method for high throughput and fairness in rate diverse wireless LANs.
The two-user Responsive Workbench: support for collaboration through individual views of a shared space.
Improving static and dynamic registration in an optical see-through HMD.
Virtual voyage: interactive navigation in the human colon.
Combining document representations for known-item search.
Cluster reserves: a mechanism for resource management in cluster-based network servers.
Closest Pair Queries in Spatial Databases.
Optimization of Constrained Frequent Set Queries with 2-variable Constraints.
Middle-tier database caching for e-business.
Direct parallelization of call statements.
Reimplementing the Cedar File System Using Logging and Group Commit.
Anomaly Detection Using Call Stack Information.
The Emperor's New Security Indicators.
Parametric real-time reasoning.
Universal Classes of Hash Functions (Extended Abstract)
Boosted sampling: approximation algorithms for stochastic optimization.
On coresets for k-means and k-median clustering.
Optimal algorithms and inapproximability results for every CSP?
SketchREAD: a multi-domain sketch recognition engine.
Dynamic Instrumentation of Production Systems.
A Comparison of File System Workloads.
Multiresolution Techniques for Interactive Texture-Based Volume Visualization.
Curvature-Based Transfer Functions for Direct Volume Rendering: Methods and Applications.
Data Integration: The Teenage Years.
On the Notion of Variability in Software Product Lines.
Policy-Enabled Handoffs Across Heterogeneous Wireless Networks.
Tag-based social interest discovery.
Flicker: an execution infrastructure for tcb minimization.
O-Plan: The open Planning Architecture.
Middleware: A Model for Distributed System Services.
The Incredible Shrinking Pipeline.
A LISP garbage-collector for virtual-memory computer systems.
Design Issues for a Dexter-Based Hypermedia System.
Sketchpad, A Man-Machine Graphical Communication System
Efficient algorithms for maximum lifetime data gathering and aggregation in wireless sensor networks.
Temporal-Safety Proofs for Systems Code.
Probabilistic Top-Down Parsing and Language Modeling.
Overcoming the Internet Impasse through Virtualization.
Synchronization Algorithms for Shared-Memory Multiprocessors.
Representation and Display of Vector Field Topology in Fluid Flow Data Sets.
Cost-Sensitive Classification: Empirical Evaluation of a Hybrid Genetic Decision Tree Induction Algorithm
Probabilistic top-down parsing and language modeling
Social Analyses of Computing: Theoretical Perspectives in Recent Empirical Research.
Pseudo-Boolean optimization.
Covariance Matrix Adaptation for Multi-objective Optimization.
The Montgomery Powering Ladder.
Interweaving mobile games with everyday life.
Product Configuration Frameworks - A Survey.
Friendster and publicly articulated social networking.
Where on-line meets on the streets: experiences with mobile mixed reality games.
Bisimulation for Labelled Markov Processes.
Knowledge and Common Knowledge in a Byzantine Environment: Crash Failures
DataTiles: a modular platform for mixed physical and graphical interactions.
Images as Embedded Maps and Minimal Surfaces: Movies, Color, Texture, and Volumetric Medical Images.
Boosting Image Retrieval.
Do security toolbars actually prevent phishing attacks?
Making mashups with marmite: towards end-user programming for the web.
Emotion and sociable humanoid robots.
ScentTrails: integrating browsing and searching on the Web.
Direct manipulation vs. interface agents.
Optimal Speedup of Las Vegas Algorithms.
A probabilistic model of information retrieval: development and comparative experiments - Part 1.
A probabilistic model of information retrieval: development and comparative experiments - Part 2.
Query Evaluation: Strategies and Optimizations.
Business process mining: An industrial application.
Rough sets and intelligent data analysis.
A minimum spanning tree algorithm with Inverse-Ackermann type complexity.
On XML integrity constraints in the presence of DTDs.
Cost-Sensitive Classification: Empirical Evaluation of a Hybrid Genetic Decision Tree Induction Algorithm.
Datalog Extensions for Database Queries and Updates.
Optimizing Compiler for the CELL Processor.
Compile-Time Derivation of Variable Dependency Using Abstract Interpretation.
Conditionally-Perfect Secrecy and a Provably-Secure Randomized Cipher.
Learning to Parse Natural Language with Maximum Entropy Models.
Deterministic annealing EM algorithm.
Real-Time Visual Tracking of Complex Structures.
MCMC-Based Particle Filtering for Tracking a Variable Number of Interacting Targets.
Learning Gender with Support Faces.
Closed-Form Solutions for Physically Based Shape Modeling and Recognition.
Motion and Structure From Two Perspective Views: Algorithms, Error Analysis, and Error Estimation.
Bringing skeletons out of the closet: a pragmatic manifesto for skeletal parallel programming.
Constructing Arrangements of Lines and Hyperplanes with Applications.
Augmenting Graphs to Meet Edge-Connectivity Requirements.
The Probabilistic Communication Complexity of Set Intersection.
Discovering Internet Marketing Intelligence through Online Analytical Web Usage Mining.
A Survey of Logical Models for OLAP Databases.
Tactical Approaches for Alleviating Distance in Global Software Development.
Commonality and Variability in Software Engineering.
Feature-Oriented Project Line Engineering.
Synchronized Disk Interleaving.
Distributed Scheduling of Tasks with Deadlines and Resource Requirements.
Forum: A Multiple-Conclusion Specification Logic.
Public-Key Cryptography and Password Protocols.
Combining Multiple Knowledge Bases.
Alternative Interest Measures for Mining Associations in Databases.
Incremental Recomputation of Active Relational Expressions.
Efficient Algorithms for Mining Closed Itemsets and Their Lattice Structure.
ScentTrails: Integrating browsing and searching on the Web.
The Totem Single-Ring Ordering and Membership Protocol.
Serverless Network File Systems.
Page Placement Algorithms for Large Real-Indexed Caches.
Formal Semantics for Time in Databases.
Interactive geometry remeshing.
blue-c: a spatially immersive display and 3D video portal for telepresence.
Synthesis of bidirectional texture functions on arbitrary surfaces.
High performance imaging using large camera arrays.
Spatiotemporal sensitivity and visual attention for efficient rendering of dynamic environments.
A 50-Gb/s IP router.
Supporting stored video reducing rate variability and end-to-end resource requirements through optimal smoothing.
Compiling language definitions: the ASF+SDF compiler.
PowerTrust: A Robust and Scalable Reputation System for Trusted Peer-to-Peer Computing.
Use Case Maps as Architectural Entities for Complex Systems.
Allocating Modules to Processors in a Distributed System.
A UML-Based Pattern Specification Technique.
Programmable active memories: reconfigurable systems come of age.
Generating Satisfiable Problem Instances.
An Approximate Truthful Mechanism for Combinatorial Auctions with Single Parameter Agents.
The XTR Public Key System.
MDx-MAC and Building Fast MACs from Hash Functions.
An Algorithm to Evaluate Quantified Boolean Formulae.
Tangible Interfaces for Remote Collaboration and Communication.
DOLPHIN: Integrated Meeting Support Across Local and Remote Desktop Environments and LiveBoards.
BCube: a high performance, server-centric network architecture for modular data centers.
MTCMOS Hierarchical Sizing Based on Mutual Exclusive Discharge Patterns.
Learning to Coordinate without Sharing Information.
Theory of Regions.
Scaling to Very Very Large Corpora for Natural Language Disambiguation.
Finding Predominant Word Senses in Untagged Text.
Simplified and Improved Resolution Lower Bounds.
Optimal Inapproximability Results for Max-Cut and Other 2-Variable CSPs?
AdWords and Generalized On-line Matching.
EasyLiving: Technologies for Intelligent Environments.
Learning Non-Isomorphic Tree Mappings for Machine Translation.
Tracking and Recognizing Rigid and Non-Rigid Facial Motions Using Local Parametric Models of Image Motion.
PIC: Practical Internet Coordinates for Distance Estimation.
Navigating large virtual spaces.
Prefetching from Broadcast Disks.
AIMQ: a methodology for information quality assessment.
A Design Science Research Methodology for Information Systems Research.
Inclusion of New Types in Relational Data Base Systems.
Generalized gradient vector flow external forces for active contours.
TouchLight: an imaging touch screen and display for gesture-based interaction.
Query Learning with Large Margin Classifiers.
Estimating the Generalization Performance of an SVM Efficiently.
Active + Semi-supervised Learning = Robust Multi-View Learning.
Beyond the point cloud: from transductive to semi-supervised learning.
Learning from labeled and unlabeled data on a directed graph.
Information state and dialogue management in the TRINDI dialogue move engine toolkit.
Improving Data Cache Performance by Pre-Executing Instructions Under a Cache Miss.
PPFS: a High Performance Portable Parallel File System.
TestTube: A System for Selective Regression Testing.
An Intelligent Tool for Re-Engineering Software Modularity.
Vizster: Visualizing Online Social Networks.
Confidence Estimation for Speculation Control.
Token Coherence: Decoupling Performance and Correctness.
Agent Oriented Analysis Using Message/UML.
Constructing Biological Knowledge Bases by Extracting Information from Text Sources.
Frequent term-based text clustering.
Learning domain-independent string transformation weights for high accuracy object identification.
ArnetMiner: extraction and mining of academic social networks.
Trading Data Space for Reduced Time and Code Space in Real-Time Garbage Collection on Stock Hardware.
Observable Properties of Higher Order Functions that Dynamically Create Local Names, or What's new?
Dynamic speculative precomputation.
An Introduction to Boosting and Leveraging.
A Dynamic Disk Spin-Down Technique for Mobile Computing.
Research challenges in wireless networks of biomedical sensors.
Chianti: a tool for change impact analysis of java programs.
Implementing distribution and persistence aspects with aspectJ.
Lottery Scheduling: Flexible Proportional-Share Resource Management.
Peer-to-Peer Architecture Case Study: Gnutella Network.
Predicting whole-program locality through reuse distance analysis.
Identifying the Semantic and Textual Differences Between Two Versions of a Program.
An Efficient, Fault-Tolerant Protocol for Replicated Data Management.
Program Fragments, Linking, and Modularization.
Associating synchronization constraints with data in an object-oriented language.
A Variant of Evolution Strategies for Vector Optimization.
ROADMAP: extending the gaia methodology for complex open systems.
TinyPK: securing sensor networks with public key technology.
To copy or not to copy: a compile-time technique for assessing when data copying should be used to eliminate cache conflicts.
Query Answering for OWL-DL with Rules.
Log-Based Receiver-Reliable Multicast for Distributed Interactive Simulation.
An information-theoretic approach to traffic matrix estimation.
Dynamically reparameterized light fields.
Surface modeling with oriented particle systems.
Creation and rendering of realistic trees.
Efficient Construction of Large Test Collections.
Information Retrieval using a Singular Value Decomposition Model of Latent Semantic Structure.
Classifying News Stories using Memory Based Reasoning.
Personalized query expansion for the web.
Provenance management in curated databases.
Optimizing Queries Using Materialized Views: A practical, scalable solution.
Optimization of Large Join Queries.
LCLint: A Tool for Using Specifications to Check Code.
Data Mining Methods for Detection of New Malicious Executables.
On the Learnability of Boolean Formulae
Approximating Total Flow Time on Parallel Machines.
Calibrating Noise to Sensitivity in Private Data Analysis.
Dynamo: a public interactive surface supporting the cooperative sharing and exchange of media.
PointRight: experience with flexible input redirection in interactive workspaces.
Cooperative Task Management Without Manual Stack Management.
A Generic Approach to Bulk Loading Multidimensional Index Structures.
Universality of Serial Histograms.
Object Fusion in Mediator Systems.
Temporal Management of RFID Data.
GTW: a time warp system for shared memory multiprocessors.
Template detection via data mining and its applications.
Named graphs, provenance and trust.
Object-level ranking: bringing order to Web objects.
PRIVE: anonymous location-based queries in distributed mobile systems.
iContract - The Java(tm) Design by Contract(tm) Tool.
Stochastic dynamic programming with factored representations.
E - a brainiac theorem prover.
Curriculum 68: Recommendations for academic programs in computer science: a report of the ACM curriculum committee on computer science.
Laws of Programming.
Why Are Case Tools Not Used?
Hypermedia and Cognition: Designing for Comprehension.
Mechanical Program Analysis.
Using the Web to Obtain Frequencies for Unseen Bigrams.
Efficient algorithms for finding minimum spanning trees in undirected and directed graphs.
Weaving Together Requirements and Architectures.
The design and implementation of Grid database services in OGSA-DAI.
Exploiting Causal Independence in Bayesian Network Inference
Programming Languages for Distributed Computing Systems.
An Introduction to Partial Evaluation.
Local Microcode Compaction Techniques.
A Language with Distributed Scope.
A Survey of Methods for Scaling Up Inductive Algorithms.
Deterministic broadcasting in ad hoc radio networks.
Self-Stabilization of Dynamic Systems Assuming Only Read/Write Atomicity.
A Species Conserving Genetic Algorithm for Multimodal Function Optimization.
The Equation for Response to Selection and Its Use for Prediction.
Automatic Ontology-Based Knowledge Extraction from Web Documents.
A Taxonomy of Hybrid Metaheuristics.
The uses of personal networked digital imaging: an empirical study of cameraphone photos and sharing.
Proving Congruence of Bisimulation in Functional Programming Languages.
The Design of a GUI Paradigm based on Tablets, Two-hands, and Transparency.
A survey of user-centered design practice.
The production and recognition of emotions in speech: features and algorithms.
Rough Sets: Probabilistic versus Deterministic Approach.
Shape Measures for Content Based Image Retrieval: A Comparison.
Automatic Text Structuring and Summarization.
Variations in relevance judgments and the measurement of retrieval effectiveness.
A Sequential Selection Process in Group Decision Making with a Linguistic Assessment Approach.
Principles of Optimal Page Replacement.
Query evaluation via tree-decompositions.
Locking Primitives in a Database System
Optimal Static Load Balancing in Distributed Computer Systems
The Algorithmic Aspects of the Regularity Lemma.
Bipartite Graph Partitioning and Data Clustering.
Entropia: architecture and performance of an enterprise desktop grid system.
Constraint Hierarchies.
Understanding Information Systems Continuance: An Expectation-Confirmation Model.
Learning to Match the Schemas of Data Sources: A Multistrategy Approach.
Ensemble learning via negative correlation.
Looking at People: Sensing for Ubiquitous and Wearable Computing.
New Constraints on Data-Closeness and Needle Map Consistency for Shape-from-Shading.
Sharing Visual Features for Multiclass and Multiview Object Detection.
A new version of the nearest-neighbour approximating and eliminating search algorithm (AESA) with linear preprocessing time and memory requirements.
Minimal NFA Problems are Hard.
A 2-Approximation Algorithm for the Undirected Feedback Vertex Set Problem.
Automata Theory for XML Researchers.
The Current State of CBSE.
A Critical Success Factors Model for ERP Implementation.
Directed explicit-state model checking in the validation of communication protocols.
Trace Scheduling: A Technique for Global Microcode Compaction.
Computational Interpretations of Linear Logic.
Query automata over finite trees.
A model of OASIS role-based access control and its support for active security.
Physical Integrity in a Large Segmented Database.
Join and Semijoin Algorithms for a Multiprocessor Database Machine.
Database repairing using updates.
Removing camera shake from a single photograph.
Digital photography with flash and no-flash image pairs.
Fast exact and approximate geodesics on meshes.
Improved seam carving for video retargeting.
All-optical networks with sparse wavelength conversion.
XORs in the air: practical wireless network coding.
Hypergraph-Partitioning-Based Decomposition for Parallel Sparse-Matrix Vector Multiplication.
Loop-Free Hybrid Single-Path/Flooding Routing Algorithms with Guaranteed Delivery for Wireless Networks.
A Survey on Software Architecture Analysis Methods.
The Confounding Effect of Class Size on the Validity of Object-Oriented Metrics.
The Compositional Security Checker: A Tool for the Verification of Information Flow Security Properties.
A coding framework for low-power address and data busses.
A distributed routing algorithm for mobile wireless networks.
The Linear Time-Branching Time Spectrum (Extended Abstract).
Types for Dynamic Interaction.
XOR MACs: New Methods for Message Authentication Using Finite Pseudorandom Functions.
On Correlation-Immune Functions.
Proactive RSA.
Security of Blind Digital Signatures (Extended Abstract).
Threshold Traitor Tracing.
The Interactive Museum Tour-Guide Robot.
Work rhythms: analyzing visualizations of awareness histories of distributed groups.
Issues in the Design of Computer Support for Co-Authoring and Commenting.
Supporting Distributed Groups with a Montage of Lightweight Interactions.
Self-adaptive software: Landscape and research challenges.
Fast Cryptographic Primitives and Circular-Secure Encryption Based on Hard Learning Problems.
A type and effect system for deterministic parallel Java.
Multilevel Circuit Partitioning.
Design and Analysis of Power Distribution Networks in PowerPC Microprocessors.
An analysis of using reflectors for distributed denial-of-service attacks.
MAHA: a program for datapath synthesis.
Memory Exploration for Low Power, Embedded Systems.
Analytical Placement: A Linear or a Quadratic Objective Function?
The Index-Based XXL Search Engine for Querying XML Data with Relevance Ranking.
Reliable and Precise WCET Determination for a Real-Life Processor.
Yesterday, My Program Worked. Today, It Does Not. Why?
Proving in Zero-Knowledge that a Number Is the Product of Two Safe Primes.
A Leakage-Resilient Mode of Operation.
Sink Equilibria and Convergence.
Architecture evaluation for power-efficient FPGAs.
Collaborative Reputation Mechanisms in Electronic Marketplaces.
When Virtual is Better than Real.
A Taxonomy of Pairing-Friendly Elliptic Curves.
Agent Design Patterns: Elements of Agent Application Design.
Advanced Transaction Models in Workflow Contexts.
Clean Answers over Dirty Databases: A Probabilistic Approach.
Representations of commonsense knowledge.
Provable Data Possession at Untrusted Stores.
General Secure Multi-Party Computation from any Linear Secret Sharing Scheme.
Parsing as Deduction.
Cover trees for nearest neighbor.
Using output codes to boost multiclass learning problems.
Cache Miss Equations: An Analytical Representation of Cache Misses.
Software maintenance and evolution: a roadmap.
Matching and Merging of Statecharts Specifications.
Mining Association Rules with Weighted Items.
A Program Verifier.
From MSCs to Statecharts.
Heuristics Based on Unit Propagation for Satisfiability Problems.
Finding Small Roots of Univariate Modular Equations Revisited.
Rarest first and choke algorithms are enough.
Column-Associative Caches: A Technique for Reducing the Miss Rate of Direct-Mapped Caches.
Focusing processor policies via critical-path prediction.
SafetyNet: Improving the Availability of Shared Memory Multiprocessors with Global Checkpoint/Recovery.
Arranging language features for more robust pattern-based crosscuts.
Adding Generic Contextual Capabilities to Wearable Computers.
A structured test re-use methodology for core-based system chips.
Learning relational probability trees.
Utility-based anonymization using local recoding.
XRules: an effective structural classifier for XML data.
Get another label? improving data quality and data mining using multiple, noisy labelers.
Metrics and Laws of Software Evolution - The Nineties View.
A modified approach to data cache management.
Correlative multi-label video annotation.
Power Management Techniques for Mobile Communication.
Constructing minimum-energy broadcast trees in wireless ad hoc networks.
A Compact Rijndael Hardware Architecture with S-Box Optimization.
Second Order Derivatives for Network Pruning: Optimal Brain Surgeon.
Virtual Memory Primitives for User Programs.
Performance Evaluation of Memory Consistency Models for Shared Memory Multiprocessors.
Hoard: A Scalable Memory Allocator for Multithreaded Applications.
Low-overhead memory leak detection using adaptive statistical profiling.
Mondrian memory protection.
Accelerator: using data parallelism to program GPUs for general-purpose uses.
VCODE: a Retargetable, Extensible, Very Fast Dynamic Code Generation System.
Refinement Types for ML.
Efficient and Exact Data Dependence Analysis.
New Tiling Techniques to Improve Cache Temporal Locality.
Meta optimization: improving compiler heuristics with machine learning.
The complexity of XPath query evaluation.
On the Analysis of Indexing Schemes.
A Static Performance Estimator to Guide Data Partitioning Decisions.
JAC: A Flexible Solution for Aspect-Oriented Programming in Java.
Embodied agents for multi-party dialogue in immersive virtual worlds.
A framework for performance modeling and prediction.
The content and access dynamics of a busy web site: findings and implicatins.
Multiresolution curves.
Juno, a constraint-based graphics system.
Vector-Space Ranking with Effective Early Termination.
Two-stage language models for information retrieval.
Myths and realities: the performance impact of garbage collection.
Maximizing throughput in wireless networks via gossiping.
Automatic Segmentation of Text into Structured Records.
On Boosting Holism in XML Twig Pattern Matching using Structural Indexing Techniques.
A Comprehensive XQuery to SQL Translation using Dynamic Interval Encoding.
Wavelet synopses with error guarantees.
ARIES/IM: An Efficient and High Concurrency Index Management Method Using Write-Ahead Logging.
Materialized View Maintenance and Integrity Constraint Checking: Trading Space for Time.
Combinatorial Pattern Discovery for Scientific Data: Some Preliminary Results.
Global register allocation at link time.
LOCUS - A Network Transparent, High Reliability Distributed System.
The Impact of Architectural Trends on Operating System Performance.
Hibernator: helping disk arrays sleep through the winter.
Using Programmer-Written Compiler Extensions to Catch Security Holes.
Multi-Dimensional Range Query over Encrypted Data.
The Temporal Rover and the ATG Rover.
Perfectly One-Way Probabilistic Hash Functions (Preliminary Version).
Decidability of Reachability in Vector Addition Systems (Preliminary Version)
Ambiguous Intentions: A Paper-like Interface for Creative Design.
The missing link: augmenting biology laboratory notebooks.
Ode as an Active Database: Constraints and Triggers.
SchemaSQL - A Language for Interoperability in Relational Multi-Database Systems.
Controlling Access to Published Data Using Cryptography.
Streaming Pattern Discovery in Multiple Time-Series.
What's Real about Virtual Reality?
Avocado: A Distributed Virtual Reality Framework.
Model-based adaptation for self-healing systems.
Identifying link farm spam pages.
Predictive caching and prefetching of query results in search engines.
Fully automatic wrapper generation for search engines.
Mining interesting locations and travel sequences from GPS trajectories.
Operational and Algebraic Semantics of Concurrent Processes.
Counterfactuals.
Scheduling Independent Tasks to Reduce Mean Finishing Time.
From adaptive hypermedia to the adaptive web.
Coordination Languages and Their Significance.
A Framework for Identifying Software Project Risks.
On Sharing Secrets and Reed-Solomon Codes.
Derandomizing Polynomial Identity Tests Means Proving Circuit Lower Bounds.
XML-GL: A Graphical Language for Querying and Restructuring XML Documents.
Building a high-performance, programmable secure coprocessor.
Intricacies of Collins' Parsing Model.
On blind signatures and perfect crimes.
Intel Virtualization Technology.
The Dimensions of Individual Strings and Sequences
XtremWeb: A Generic Global Computing System.
Graph mining: Laws, generators, and algorithms.
A review of vessel extraction techniques and algorithms.
Regulating service access and information release on the Web.
Model Checking for a Probabilistic Branching Time Logic with Fairness.
The Importance of Being Biased
SWIFT: Software Implemented Fault Tolerance.
Ontology-Based Photo Annotation.
Ant algorithms and stigmergy.
Reasonable properties for the ordering of fuzzy quantities (I).
The drift table: designing for ludic engagement.
A Taxonomy of Problems with Fast Parallel Algorithms
The Type and Effect Discipline
Illuminating clay: a 3-D tangible interface for landscape analysis.
Detecting Pedestrians Using Patterns of Motion and Appearance.
Three-Dimensional Face Recognition.
A Level-Set Approach to 3D Reconstruction from Range Data.
Jena: A Semantic Web Toolkit.
A Randomized Linear-Time Algorithm to Find Minimum Spanning Trees.
COOLCAT: an entropy-based algorithm for categorical clustering.
Consistency in Hierarchical Database Systems.
Domain Adaptation for Statistical Classifiers.
Mechanizing and Improving Dependency Pairs.
Graph Minors. XVI. Excluding a non-planar graph.
Learning Equivalence Classes of Bayesian-Network Structures.
INSIGNIA: An IP-Based Quality of Service Framework for Mobile ad Hoc Networks.
Supervised tensor learning.
Research Challenges for On-Chip Interconnection Networks.
Time Flies When You're Having Fun: Cognitive Absorption and Beliefs About Information Technology Usage.
Negative Results for Equivalence Queries.
Logistic Regression, AdaBoost and Bregman Distances.
Slow Feature Analysis: Unsupervised Learning of Invariances.
Optimal Linear Combinations of Neural Networks.
COSMOS - A Representation Scheme for 3D Free-Form Objects.
Local Scale Control for Edge Detection and Blur Estimation.
A Robust Algorithm for Text String Separation from Mixed Text/Graphics Images.
An Active Testing Model for Tracking Roads in Satellite Images.
Robust Visual Method for Assessing the Relative Performance of Edge-Detection Algorithms.
A Fingerprint Verification System Based on Triangular Matching and Dynamic Time Warping.
On Image Analysis by Moments.
BSPlib: The BSP programming library.
A survey of kernel and spectral methods for clustering.
Soft combination of neural classifiers: A comparative study.
Cryptographic Techniques for Privacy-Preserving Data Mining.
Image-Browser Taxonomy and Guidelines for Designers.
Roles: Conceptual Abstraction Theory and Practical Language Issues.
Parsing strategies with 'lexicalized' grammars: application to Tree Adjoining Grammars.
Line (Block) Size Choice for CPU Cache Memories.
On the Representation and Querying of Sets of Possible Worlds.
On the Approximability of Minimizing Nonzero Variables or Unsatisfied Relations in Linear Systems.
Answering Queries from Context-Sensitive Probabilistic Knowledge Bases.
Similarity Searching in Medical Image Databases.
Locating Objects in Mobile Computing.
Disk Allocation for Cartesian Product Files on Multiple-Disk Systems.
Performance animation from low-dimensional control signals.
Three-Dimensional Distance Field Metamorphosis.
Robust moving least-squares fitting with sharp features.
Efficient content-based retrieval of motion capture data.
Optimal Expected-Time Algorithms for Closest Point Problems.
Exact admission control for networks with a bounded delay service.
Evaluating Deadlock Detection Methods for Concurrent Software.
Energy minimization using multiple supply voltages.
Information Filtering: Overview of Issues, Research and Systems.
UnQL: A Query Language and Algebra for Semistructured Data Based on Structural Recursion.
Data Mining Methods for Knowledge Discovery.
Cryptanalysis of the HFE Public Key Cryptosystem by Relinearization.
Collaborating around collections: informing the continued development of photoware.
Using social psychology to motivate contributions to online communities.
How may I help you?
The LIMSI Broadcast News transcription system.
A Case for Using Real Options Pricing Analysis to Evaluate Information Technology Project Investments.
Alignment Between Business and IS Strategies: A Study of Prospectors, Analyzers, and Defenders.
Wire Segmenting for Improved Buffer Insertion.
Interpolation Synthesis of Articulated Figure Motion.
Exploiting the Routing Flexibility for Energy/Performance Aware Mapping of Regular NoC Architectures.
Design for Privacy in Ubiquitous Computing Environments.
Decidability and Complexity of Petri Net Problems - An Introduction.
Implementation of a Content-Scanning Module for an Internet Firewall.
Automatic Detection of Text Genre.
Toward the semantic geospatial web.
Caches and Hash Trees for Efficient Memory Integrity.
Scripted Documents: A Hypermedia Path Mechanism.
RISA: accurate and efficient placement routability modeling.
On-line scheduling of hard real-time tasks on variable voltage processor.
Constrained model predictive control: Stability and optimality.
Understanding the Motivations, Participation, and Performance of Open Source Software Developers: A Longitudinal Study of the Apache Projects.
Layered Representation of Motion Video Using Robust Maximum-Likelihood Estimation of Mixture Models and MDL Encoding.
A meta-analysis of the technology acceptance model.
An Empirical Assessment of a Modified Technology Acceptance Model.
Object-oriented systems analysis - a model-driven approach.
What you look at is what you get: eye movement-based interaction techniques.
Cost and Imprecision in Modeling the Position of Moving Objects.
Hierarchical Text Classification and Evaluation.
The duality of computation.
Haskell and XML: Generic Combinators or Type-Based Translation?
An empirical comparison of supervised learning algorithms.
Policy Invariance Under Reward Transformations: Theory and Application to Reward Shaping.
Ant system: optimization by a colony of cooperating agents.
Predictive dynamic thermal management for multimedia applications.
Bunch: A Clustering Tool for the Recovery and Maintenance of Software System Structures.
Experiment on the Automatic Detection of Function Clones in a Software System Using Metrics.
A Survey of Concurrent METATEM - the Language and its Applications.
A Hybrid Discriminative/Generative Approach for Modeling Human Activities.
Optimizing Replication, Communication, and Capacity Allocation in CMPs.
X-Tree: A Tree Structured Multi-Processor Computer Architecture.
An Analysis of Database Workload Performance on Simultaneous Multithreaded Processors.
Implementation of Precise Interrupts in Pipelined Processors.
Memory exploration for low power embedded systems.
Self-securing ad hoc wireless networks.
Memory controller policies for DRAM power management.
Automatic Document Metadata Extraction Using Support Vector Machines.
The open archives initiative: building a low-barrier interoperability framework.
Improved Utilization and Responsiveness with Gang Scheduling.
Assumption Generation for Software Component Verification.
Transforming classifier scores into accurate multiclass probability estimates.
Automatic Presentations of Structures.
Practical Reasoning for Expressive Description Logics.
The MIR flickr retrieval evaluation.
Teaching and Learning as Multimedia Authoring: The Classroom 2000 Project.
Image annotations by combining multiple evidence & wordNet.
ANODR: anonymous on demand routing with untraceable routes for mobile ad-hoc networks.
Trust and Reputation Model in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Context-Insensitive Alias Analysis Reconsidered.
Global Instruction Scheduling for Superscalar Machines.
Design and Implementation of Generics for the .NET Common Language Runtime.
LOCKSMITH: context-sensitive correlation analysis for race detection.
On Two-Dimensional Indexability and Optimal Range Search Indexing.
Towards Estimation Error Guarantees for Distinct Values.
On the Complexity of Bounded-Variable Queries.
On the accuracy of MANET simulators.
Parameterized Types for Java.
Animated specifications of computational societies.
Operational specification of a commitment-based agent communication language.
Rapid Ethnography: Time Deepening Strategies for HCI Field Research.
Foundations for the Arcadia Environment Architecture.
A unifying link abstraction for wireless sensor networks.
Sympathy for the sensor network debugger.
Network Performance Effects of HTTP/1.1, CSS1, and PNG.
A data-oriented (and beyond) network architecture.
A reputation-based trust model for peer-to-peer ecommerce communities.
Voice Puppetry.
FoleyAutomatic: physically-based sound effects for interactive simulation and animation.
Optimization of Relevance Feedback Weights.
Comparing the Performance of Database Selection Algorithms.
PageRank without hyperlinks: structural re-ranking using links induced by language models.
Web Prefetching Between Low-Bandwidth Clients and Proxies: Potential and Performance.
Adaptive Selectivity Estimation Using Query Feedback.
CORDS: Automatic Discovery of Correlations and Soft Functional Dependencies.
Design, implementation, and evaluation of the linear road bnchmark on the stream processing core.
Logical Modeling of Temporal Data.
Query Flocks: A Generalization of Association-Rule Mining.
Demand Interprocedural Dataflow Analysis.
DynaMine: finding common error patterns by mining software revision histories.
On the costs and benefits of procrastination: approximation algorithms for stochastic combinatorial optimization problems.
Euclidean spanners: short, thin, and lanky.
Non-Interactive and Non-Malleable Commitment.
Self-Testing/Correcting for Polynomials and for Approximate Functions
A New Approach to the Maximum Flow Problem
Communication preserving protocols for secure function evaluation.
A combinatorial characterization of the testable graph properties: it's all about regularity.
Automatic Deductive Verification with Invisible Invariants.
Testing Can Be Formal, Too.
All Your iFRAMEs Point to Us.
Optimizing Triangle Strips for Fast Rendering.
Estimating the Selectivity of XML Path Expressions for Internet Scale Applications.
An Efficient SQL-based RDF Querying Scheme.
Client-Server Paradise.
Active Storage for Large-Scale Data Mining and Multimedia.
The Z/EVES System.
A taxonomy of computer worms.
Personalized recommendation in social tagging systems using hierarchical clustering.
Quantitative Results Concerning the Utility of Explanation-based Learning.
Qualitative Probabilities for Default Reasoning, Belief Revision, and Causal Modeling.
An Interactive System for Finding Complementary Literatures: A Stimulus to Scientific Discovery.
The Carneades model of argument and burden of proof.
Combining answer set programming with description logics for the Semantic Web.
Knowledge Discovery in Databases: An Overview.
Correspondence between ALGOL 60 and Church's Lambda-notation: part I.
Artificial Life Meets Entertainment: Lifelike Autonomous Agents.
The Case for Collaborative Programming.
The Connectivity Server: Fast Access to Linkage Information on the Web.
Automatic Verification of Parameterized Cache Coherence Protocols.
The Shark-Search Algorithm. An Application: Tailored Web Site Mapping.
A Stochastic Finite-State Word-Segmentation Algorithm for Chinese.
Software Visualization in the Large.
How Multimedia Workloads Will Change Processor Design.
Synchronization, Coherence, and Event Ordering in Multiprocessors.
Ten Reasons to Use Divisible Load Theory.
Bipartite graph partitioning and data clustering
The Dynamics of Viral Marketing
How to Write Parallel Programs: A Guide to the Perplexed.
Efficient Algorithms for Finding Maximum Matching in Graphs.
A survey of moment-based techniques for unoccluded object representation and recognition.
Learning Variable-Length Markov Models of Behavior.
The maximum edge biclique problem is NP-complete.
Simple forward-secure signatures from any signature scheme.
Correctness criteria for dynamic changes in workflow systems - a survey.
Supporting ontological analysis of taxonomic relationships.
Survey of Low-Power Testing of VLSI Circuits.
Keepin' it real: pushing the desktop metaphor with physics, piles and the pen.
Is seeing believing?: how recommender system interfaces affect users' opinions.
Spatio-Temporal Data Types: An Approach to Modeling and Querying Moving Objects in Databases.
Prudence and Other Conditions on Formal Language Learning
Business artifacts: An approach to operational specification.
Social, Individual and Technological Issues for Groupware Calendar Systems.
Illuminating Light: An Optical Design Tool with a Luminous-Tangible Interface.
The Ontolingua Server: a tool for collaborative ontology construction.
Cultural probes and the value of uncertainty.
MARS: A Programmable Coordination Architecture for Mobile Agents.
Context and Page Analysis for Improved Web Search.
Negotiating Trust on the Web.
Engineering a multi-purpose test collection for Web retrieval experiments.
Automatic Condensation of Electronic Publications by Sentence Selection.
Models for retrieval with probabilistic indexing.
Combining the language model and inference network approaches to retrieval.
Visualization of a Document Collection: The VIBE System.
Learning object identification rules for information integration.
Syntax-Directed Transduction.
A Unified Approach to Path Problems.
An Efficient Implementation of a Scaling Minimum-Cost Flow Algorithm.
XClust: clustering XML schemas for effective integration.
Vertex cover might be hard to approximate to within 2-epsilon.
Nash Q-Learning for General-Sum Stochastic Games.
Learning the Kernel with Hyperkernels.
Coherence and Flexibility in Dialogue Games for Argumentation.
AltiVec Extension to PowerPC Accelerates Media Processing.
Transient-Fault Recovery for Chip Multiprocessors.
IBM Power5 Chip: A Dual-Core Multithreaded Processor.
An Empirical Investigation of Information Technology Sourcing Practices: Lessons From Experience.
Arrangements for Information Technology Governance: A Theory of Multiple Contingencies.
Complete Mining of Frequent Patterns from Graphs: Mining Graph Data.
Feature-Based Methods for Large Scale Dynamic Programming.
Discovery and Segmentation of Activities in Video.
Geodesic Saliency of Watershed Contours and Hierarchical Segmentation.
A Cooperative Algorithm for Stereo Matching and Occlusion Detection.
Real-Time Computerized Annotation of Pictures.
Clustering of time series data - a survey.
New similarity measures of intuitionistic fuzzy sets and application to pattern recognitions.
A Randomized Algorithm for Closest-Point Queries.
UbiCrawler: a scalable fully distributed Web crawler.
MuJava: an automated class mutation system.
Executing a Program on the MIT Tagged-Token Dataflow Architecture.
Rewriting logic: roadmap and bibliography.
Identification of Unions of Languages Drawn from an Identifiable Class.
A Framework for Analysis of Data Quality Research.
Multilabel Neural Networks with Applications to Functional Genomics and Text Categorization.
A Minimum Cost Heterogeneous Sensor Network with a Lifetime Constraint.
At home with the technology: an ethnographic study of a set-top-box trial.
Creating creativity: user interfaces for supporting innovation.
Introduction to a System for Distributed Databases (SDD-1).
Amalgamating Knowledge Bases.
Interactive skeleton-driven dynamic deformations.
Video matting of complex scenes.
Image-based procedural modeling of facades.
Computer Systems and the Design of Organizational Interaction.
Wavelength-routed optical networks: linear formulation, resource budgeting tradeoffs, and a reconfiguration study.
Parameterized object sensitivity for points-to analysis for Java.
The Design and Implementation of a Secure Auction Service.
Introduction to the Special Issue on Software Architecture.
Polaris: A System for Query, Analysis, and Visualization of Multidimensional Relational Databases.
A unified framework and algorithm for channel assignment in wireless networks.
Query Answering for OWL-DL with rules.
Random Matrix Theory and Wireless Communications.
SIDES: a cooperative tabletop computer game for social skills development.
On the evolution of user interaction in Facebook.
Extracting Places and Activities from GPS Traces Using Hierarchical Conditional Random Fields.
Spectral Segmentation with Multiscale Graph Decomposition.
Boosted Wrapper Induction.
Navigational Plans For Data Integration.
Membership Size, Communication Activity, and Sustainability: A Resource-Based Model of Online Social Structures.
Grid'5000: A Large Scale And Highly Reconfigurable Experimental Grid Testbed.
A Clustering-Based Optimization Algorithm in Zero-Skew Routings.
Statistics-Based Summarization - Step One: Sentence Compression.
A General Framework for Analysing System Properties in Platform-Based Embedded System Designs.
Learning to Resolve Natural Language Ambiguities: A Unified Approach.
Non-parametric Local Transforms for Computing Visual Correspondence.
Chimera: Hypertext for Heterogeneous Software Environments.
Information Fusion in the Context of Multi-Document Summarization.
Extracting Semantic Hierarchies from a Large On-Line Dictionary.
Char_align: A Program for Aligning Parallel Texts at the Character Level.
Arabic Tokenization, Part-of-Speech Tagging and Morphological Disambiguation in One Fell Swoop.
Text Segmentation Based on Similarity between Words.
Buy-at-Bulk Network Design.
Concurrent Zero Knowledge with Logarithmic Round-Complexity.
Improved Cryptanalysis of Rijndael.
TCS: a DSL for the specification of textual concrete syntaxes in model engineering.
Talk Before You Type: Coordination in Wikipedia.
Patterns of Hypertext.
As We Should Have Thought.
Don't Link Me In: Set Based Hypermedia for Taxonomic Reasoning.
Realizable and Unrealizable Specifications of Reactive Systems.
Detection of Multiple, Partially Occluded Humans in a Single Image by Bayesian Combination of Edgelet Part Detectors.
Local Gabor Binary Pattern Histogram Sequence (LGBPHS): A Novel Non-Statistical Model for Face Representation and Recognition.
Maintaining Strong Cache Consistency in the World-Wide Web.
Object-oriented type systems.
Effective sounds in complex systems: the ARKOLA simulation.
Preserving Privacy in Social Networks Against Neighborhood Attacks.
Bottom-Up Generalization: A Data Mining Solution to Privacy Protection.
The Influence of IT Management Practice on IT Use in Large Organizations.
Sustaining IT Advantage: The Role of Structural Differences.
PLAN: A Packet Language for Active Networks.
Learning Belief Networks in the Presence of Missing Values and Hidden Variables.
Using Reinforcement Learning to Spider the Web Efficiently.
On path selection for traffic with bandwidth guarantees.
Unsupervised Construction of Large Paraphrase Corpora: Exploiting Massively Parallel News Sources.
A Language and Environment for Architecture-Based Software Development and Evolution.
Traffic Analysis Attacks and Trade-Offs in Anonymity Providing Systems.
Navigational Plans for Data Integration.
Inferring link weights using end-to-end measurements.
Distributed regression: an efficient framework for modeling sensor network data.
The Impact of Performance Asymmetry in Emerging Multicore Architectures.
Evolutionary testing of classes.
Finding surprising patterns in a time series database in linear time and space.
Agent-Based Modeling vs. Equation-Based Modeling: A Case Study and Users' Guide.
Towards Sensor Database Systems.
RIFLE: An Architectural Framework for User-Centric Information-Flow Security.
Die Stacking (3D) Microarchitecture.
Ganymed: Scalable Replication for Transactional Web Applications.
Sensor deployment strategy for target detection.
Topology control meets SINR: : the scheduling complexity of arbitrary topologies.
Total Recall: System Support for Automated Availability Management.
Reducing Network Energy Consumption via Sleeping and Rate-Adaptation.
Performance and scalability of EJB applications.
The Coign Automatic Distributed Partitioning System.
Cooperative Caching: Using Remote Client Memory to Improve File System Performance.
DATALOG with Constraints: A Foundation for Trust Management Languages.
Synchronization and Communication in the T3E Multiprocessor.
Locality phase prediction.
A certifying compiler for Java.
Memory Management with Explicit Regions.
Sound and precise analysis of web applications for injection vulnerabilities.
Enforcing isolation and ordering in STM.
Stable Models and Non-Determinism in Logic Programs with Negation.
The chase revisited.
Avoiding exponential explosion: generating compact verification conditions.
Haplotyping as perfect phylogeny: conceptual framework and efficient solutions.
Aesthetic interaction: a pragmatist's aesthetics of interactive systems.
Nericell: rich monitoring of road and traffic conditions using mobile smartphones.
Image precision silhouette edges.
Forwarding in a content-based network.
A Perceptually Based Adaptive Sampling Algorithm.
Issues and techniques in touch-sensitive tablet input.
Realistic Modeling and Rendering of Plant Ecosystems.
Constraints methods for flexible models.
Direct least-squares fitting of algebraic surfaces.
Interval analysis for computer graphics.
The Paraphrase Search Assistant: Terminological Feedback for Iterative Information Seeking.
Discriminative models for information retrieval.
The impact of database selection on distributed searching.
The Interaction of Parallel and Sequential Workloads on a Network of Workstations.
Using Pathchar to Estimate Internet Link Characteristics.
On Wrapping Query Languages and Efficient XML Integration.
Query Optimization for Parallel Execution.
A Generic Framework for Monitoring Continuous Spatial Queries over Moving Objects.
Scalable network distance browsing in spatial databases.
Interpolating Implicit Surfaces from Scattered Surface Data Using Compactly Supported Radial Basis Functions.
File system usage in Windows NT 4.0.
Fast asynchronous Byzantine agreement with optimal resilience.
Two-Prover One-Round Proof Systems: Their Power and Their Problems (Extended Abstract)
Trees, Automata, and Games
Synthesizing Monitors for Safety Properties.
The designers' outpost: a tangible interface for collaborative web site.
Connectables: dynamic coupling of displays for the flexible creation of shared workspaces.
Linux Security Modules: General Security Support for the Linux Kernel.
Eliminating Fuzzy Duplicates in Data Warehouses.
Estimating the Selectivity of Spatial Queries Using the `Correlation' Fractal Dimension.
Efficient Indexing Methods for Probabilistic Threshold Queries over Uncertain Data.
Comparing Hierarchical Data in External Memory.
Spatial Joins Using R-trees: Breadth-First Traversal with Global Optimizations.
DB2 Design Advisor: Integrated Automatic Physical Database Design.
A Pragmatic Implementation of Non-blocking Linked-Lists.
A Reputation-Based Trust Model for Peer-to-Peer eCommerce Communities.
A personalized search engine based on web-snippet hierarchical clustering.
Authoring and annotation of web pages in CREAM.
Controlling individual agents in high-density crowd simulation.
Trust-aware recommender systems.
2APL: a practical agent programming language.
MetaEdit+: A Fully Configurable Multi-User and Multi-Tool CASE and CAME Environment.
Arc-Consistency and Arc-Consistency Again.
Weak, strong, and strong cyclic planning via symbolic model checking.
Decomposing Constraint Satisfaction Problems Using Database Techniques.
On the Emergence of Social Conventions: Modeling, Analysis, and Simulations.
A Perspective View and Survey of Meta-Learning.
Efficient Distributed Event-Driven Simulations of Multiple-Loop Networks.
Scatter Storage Techniques.
Personalization on the Net using Web mining: introduction.
Exact and approximate reasoning about temporal relations.
Generalized Probabilistic LR Parsing of Natural Language (Corpora) with Unification-Based Grammars.
The Why/Krakatoa/Caduceus Platform for Deductive Program Verification.
What's Ahead for Embedded Software?
A Case for Direct-Mapped Caches.
Logical Time: Capturing Causality in Distributed Systems.
Automatic Detection of Text Genre
A categorical semantics of quantum protocols
Your Place or Mine? Learning from Long-Term Use of Audio-Video Communication.
Lineage retrieval for scientific data processing: a survey.
On the Notion of Inheritance.
Data prefetch mechanisms.
On Digital Distance Transforms in Three Dimensions.
Bayesian Networks for Data Mining.
The BiBa one-time signature and broadcast authentication protocol.
Saving Power in the Control Path of Embedded Processors.
A General Lower Bound on the Number of Examples Needed for Learning
A Process Algebra for Timed Systems
A study of preferences for sharing and privacy.
The GAZE Groupware System: Mediating Joint Attention in Multiparty Communication and Collaboration.
Systems and Experiment Paper: Construction of Panoramic Image Mosaics with Global and Local Alignment.
A physical approach to color image understanding.
Shoogle: excitatory multimodal interaction on mobile devices.
A familiar face(book): profile elements as signals in an online social network.
WUW - wear Ur world: a wearable gestural interface.
Globally Distributed Content Delivery.
Fuzzy least squares.
Combinatorial Information Market Design.
Universal-stability results and performance bounds for greedy contention-resolution protocols.
An Optimal On-Line Algorithm for Metrical Task System.
Expertise identification using email communications.
Time-shared Systems: a theoretical treatment.
An Extension of the String-to-String Correction Problem.
A Fast Bit-Vector Algorithm for Approximate String Matching Based on Dynamic Programming.
The PCP theorem by gap amplification.
A Nearly Best-Possible Approximation Algorithm for Node-Weighted Steiner Trees.
Conjunctive Grammars.
User-Defined Relevance Criteria: An Exploratory Study.
A Dichotomy Theorem for Maximum Generalized Satisfiability Problems.
Multiattribute decision making models and methods using intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
DrScheme: a programming environment for Scheme.
Characterization of a Family of Algorithms for Generalized Discriminant Analysis on Undersampled Problems.
The Entire Regularization Path for the Support Vector Machine.
New Types of Cryptanalytic Attacks Using Related Keys.
A Lattice Conceptual Clustering System and Its Application to Browsing Retrieval.
Convex multi-task feature learning.
Adaptive Piggybacking: A Novel Technique for Data Sharing in Video-on-Demand Storage Servers.
Video Parsing and Browsing Using Compressed Data.
Biometric Identification through Hand Geometry Measurements.
Compact Representations of Videos Through Dominant and Multiple Motion Estimation.
Stable Real-Time 3D Tracking Using Online and Offline Information.
A Comparison of Receiver-Initiated and Sender-Initiated Adaptive Load Sharing.
A steganographic method for images by pixel-value differencing.
Relative Information Capacity of Simple Relational Database Schemata.
Searching for a Mobile Intruder in a Polygonal Region.
Routing with Polynomial Communication-Space Trade-Off.
State of the art of graph-based data mining.
Routing and link-layer protocols for multi-channel multi-interface ad hoc wireless networks.
Empirically Guided Software Development Using Metric-Based Classification Trees.
Probabilistic symbolic model checking with PRISM: a hybrid approach.
Session-Based Admission Control: A Mechanism for Peak Load Management of Commercial Web Sites.
A hidden agenda.
MetaML and multi-stage programming with explicit annotations.
Least squares quantization in PCM.
Minimum probability of error for asynchronous Gaussian multiple-access channels.
An experimental study on the role of touch in shared virtual environments.
Navigating Hierarchically Clustered Networks Through Fisheye and Full-Zoom Methods.
A Software Model and Specification Language for Non-WIMP User Interfaces.
Finite state machines for strings over infinite alphabets.
Dynamic Voting Algorithms for Maintaining the Consistency of a Replicated Database.
Optimization of Query Evaluation Algorithms.
Real-Time subspace integration for St. Venant-Kirchhoff deformable models.
Building efficient, accurate character skins from examples.
Frequency space environment map rendering.
Perspective shadow maps.
Mesh-based inverse kinematics.
Large mesh deformation using the volumetric graph Laplacian.
Animating sand as a fluid.
Periodic global parameterization.
Getting Around the Task-Artifact Cycle: How to Make Claims and Design by Scenario.
Guided Tours and Tabletops: Tools for Communicating in a Hypertext Environment.
Context and Orientation in Hypermedia Networks.
Comparative performance analysis of versions of TCP in a local network with a lossy link.
CCured: type-safe retrofitting of legacy software.
A Family of Fault-Tolerant Routing Protocols for Direct Multiprocessor Networks.
A 15 Year Perspective on Automatic Programming.
A Hierarchical Model for Object-Oriented Design Quality Assessment.
CP-Miner: Finding Copy-Paste and Related Bugs in Large-Scale Software Code.
Test Selection Based on Communicating Nondeterministic Finite-State Machines Using a Generalized WP-Method.
MiniCon: A scalable algorithm for answering queries using views.
Minimizing the average cost of paging and registration: a timer-based method.
Managing uncertainty and vagueness in description logics for the Semantic Web.
Advanced Workflow Patterns.
The IWIM Model for Coordination of Concurrent Activities.
Multiparty Computations Ensuring Privacy of Each Party's Input and Correctness of the Result.
Founding Cryptography on Oblivious Transfer - Efficiently.
Efficient influence maximization in social networks.
Motivations for social networking at work.
VisualRank: Applying PageRank to Large-Scale Image Search.
Design Principles for Intelligent Environments.
KATAN and KTANTAN - A Family of Small and Efficient Hardware-Oriented Block Ciphers.
Approximation and Radial-Basis-Function Networks.
Learning and Extracting Finite State Automata with Second-Order Recurrent Neural Networks.
Accounting for the Contradictory Organizational Consequences of Information Technology: Theoretical Directions and Methodological Implications.
Testing Media Richness Theory in the New Media: The Effects of Cues, Feedback, and Task Equivocality.
AnnoSearch: Image Auto-Annotation by Search.
Chortle-crf: Fast Technology Mapping for Lookup Table-Based FPGAs.
Solving Combinatorial Auctions Using Stochastic Local Search.
McPAT: an integrated power, area, and timing modeling framework for multicore and manycore architectures.
Code compression for low power embedded system design.
Logic Synthesis for Programmable Gate Arrays.
Timing Driven Placement for Large Standard Cell Circuits.
Grain Size Determination for Parallel Processing.
Efficient Concurrent Zero-Knowledge in the Auxiliary String Model.
Self-Certified Public Keys.
Compliance Checking in the PolicyMaker Trust Management System.
Face Recognition Using Temporal Image Sequence.
Application-specific instruction generation for configurable processor architectures.
Nearest neighbor queries in road networks.
Social serendipity: mobilizing social software.
Energy scavenging for mobile and wireless electronics.
Model-Based Tracking of Self-Occluding Articulated Objects.
Comparison of Graph Cuts with Belief Propagation for Stereo, using Identical MRF Parameters.
Representative Objects: Concise Representations of Semistructured, Hierarchial Data.
TreeFinder: a First Step towards XML Data Mining.
Characterizing Structural Descriptions produced by Various Grammatical Formalisms.
Defending Against Statistical Steganalysis.
Combining online and offline knowledge in UCT.
Software engineering for security: a roadmap.
Software process: a roadmap.
Recording the Reasons for Design Decisions.
Identifying Reasons for Software Changes using Historic Databases.
An Empirical Study of the Effects of Minimization on the Fault Detection Capabilities of Test Suites.
Domain-Specific Keyphrase Extraction.
TinyECC: A Configurable Library for Elliptic Curve Cryptography in Wireless Sensor Networks.
A Performance Study of Software and Hardware Data Prefetching Schemes.
Parallelism-Aware Batch Scheduling: Enhancing both Performance and Fairness of Shared DRAM Systems.
Variable voltage scheduling.
An Experimental Chip to Evaluate Test Techniques: Experiment Results.
World explorer: visualizing aggregate data from unstructured text in geo-referenced collections.
Packing Schemes for Gang Scheduling.
GraphScope: parameter-free mining of large time-evolving graphs.
Automatic Structures.
Two-Variable Logic on Words with Data.
Value Profiling.
Unified Assign and Schedule: A New Approach to Scheduling for Clustered Register File Microarchitectures.
An Application Level Video Gateway.
A 3-dimensional sift descriptor and its application to action recognition.
Mobility improves coverage of sensor networks.
A Maximum Entropy Model for Prepositional Phrase Attachment.
The effects of loss and latency on user performance in unreal tournament 2003.
Beacon Vector Routing: Scalable Point-to-Point Routing in Wireless Sensornets.
Geographic Routing Made Practical.
An Efficient Implementation of SELF - a Dynamically-Typed Object-Oriented Language Based on Prototypes.
Vortex: An Optimizing Compiler for Object-Oriented Languages.
Adaptive Plug-and-Play Components for Evolutionary Software Development.
Efficient and Precise Modeling of Exceptions for the Analysis of Java Programs.
Active Disks: Programming Model, Algorithms and Evaluation.
Kendo: efficient deterministic multithreading in software.
How to Enhance the Security of Public-Key Encryption at Minimum Cost.
A Technique for Summarizing Data Access and Its Use in Parallelism Enhancing Transformations.
Register Allocation via Hierarchical Graph Coloring.
Code Compression.
Promises: Linguistic Support for Efficient Asynchronous Procedure Calls in Distributed Systems.
Distributed computing meets game theory: robust mechanisms for rational secret sharing and multiparty computation.
On Achieving Consensus Using a Shared Memory.
Coercion and Type Inference.
An introduction to event structures.
Argumentation based decision making for autonomous agents.
Winner determination in combinatorial auction generalizations.
A Scalable Cross-Platform Infrastructure for Application Performance Tuning Using Hardware Counters.
Stencil computation optimization and auto-tuning on state-of-the-art multicore architectures.
Making intra-domain routing robust to changing and uncertain traffic demands: understanding fundamental tradeoffs.
Walking the tightrope: responsive yet stable traffic engineering.
Low-rate TCP-targeted denial of service attacks: the shrew vs. the mice and elephants.
Snap-dragging.
The use of positional information in the modeling of plants.
Silhouette clipping.
Optimally combining sampling techniques for Monte Carlo rendering.
Using ODP metadata to personalize search.
Applying Summarization Techniques for Term Selection in Relevance Feedback.
Ranking Retrieval Systems without Relevance Judgments.
User performance versus precision measures for simple search tasks.
On An Algebra For Historical Relational Databases: Two Views.
Sequential Sampling Procedures for Query Size Estimation.
Dwarf: shrinking the PetaCube.
Answering Complex SQL Queries Using Automatic Summary Tables.
EASE: an effective 3-in-1 keyword search method for unstructured, semi-structured and structured data.
Compact labeling schemes for ancestor queries.
Competitive Non-Preemptive Call Control.
Simultaneous optimization for concave costs: single sink aggregation or single source buy-at-bulk.
Exploiting Weak Connectivity for Mobile File Access.
Approximate Algorithms Scheduling Parallelizable Tasks.
A Model for Hierarchical Memory
Zero Knowledge Proofs of Identity
Expectation Propagation for approximate Bayesian inference.
Interactive Beautification: A Technique for Rapid Geometric Design.
File System Design for an NFS File Server Appliance.
High Performance VMM-Bypass I/O in Virtual Machines.
Making Scheduling "Cool": Temperature-Aware Workload Placement in Data Centers.
The Use of Information Capacity in Schema Integration and Translation.
Query Transformation for PSJ-Queries.
VR Juggler: A Virtual Platform for Virtual Reality Application Development.
Time Redundancy Based Soft-Error Tolerance to Rescue Nanometer Technologies.
Static approximation of dynamically generated Web pages.
CubeSVD: a novel approach to personalized Web search.
A large-scale study of web password habits.
Semi-automated adaptation of service interactions.
Modeling online reviews with multi-grain topic models.
Elements of Relational Database Theory.
Early application identification.
Properties of Data Flow Frameworks.
Multiagent Negotiation under Time Constraints.
Adopt: asynchronous distributed constraint optimization with quality guarantees.
Backtrack Programming Techniques.
Information Systems and Organizational Change.
Video Abstracting.
A Product Perspective on Total Data Quality Management.
Three-dimensional shape searching: state-of-the-art review and future trends.
Voice over IP performance monitoring.
A Developer's Survey of Polygonal Simplification Algorithms.
NUSMV: A New Symbolic Model Verifier.
On near-uniform URL sampling.
Using Partial Orders to Improve Automatic Verification Methods.
A Critique and Improvement of an Evaluation Metric for Text Segmentation.
Verifying Systems with Infinite but Regular State Spaces.
Reporting Points in Halfspaces.
The Pegasus Heterogeneous Multidatabase System.
Software-Based Replication for Fault Tolerance.
Agile Software Development: The Business of Innovation.
Iterative and Incremental Development: A Brief History.
Comparative Analysis of Five XML Query Languages
PageRank without hyperlinks: Structural re-ranking using links induced by language models
Scheduling Distributed Applications: the SimGrid Simulation Framework.
Interactive Segmentation with Intelligent Scissors.
Recent advances in visual and infrared face recognition - a review.
Principal Direction Divisive Partitioning.
Lower Bounds for the Broadcast Problem in Mobile Radio Networks.
An Efficient Protocol for Authenticated Key Agreement.
Congruence, Similarity, and Symmetries of Geometric Objects.
Multi-Disk Management Algorithms.
FPGA Intrinsic PUFs and Their Use for IP Protection.
inTouch: A Medium for Haptic Interpersonal Communication.
Approximate Entropy Reducts.
Evaluating Video as a Technology for Informal Communication.
The Vertex Separation and Search Number of a Graph
Just-in-time information retrieval agents.
Chat Circles.
Dynomite: A Dynamically Organized Ink and Audio Notebook.
Highly Accurate Optic Flow Computation with Theoretically Justified Warping.
Height and gradient from shading.
Shorthand writing on stylus keyboard.
Research through design as a method for interaction design research in HCI.
An overview of methods for determining OWA weights.
On the Editing Distance Between Unordered Labeled Trees.
Hierarchical Text Categorization Using Neural Networks.
Local Feedback in Full-Text Retrieval Systems.
An Adaptation of the Fast Fourier Transform for Parallel Processing.
An Incremental Algorithm for a Generalization of the Shortest-Path Problem.
Distance-hereditary graphs.
Architectural support for operating system-driven CMP cache management.
The Use of Information Technology to Enhance Management School Education: A Theoretical View.
A note on Platt's probabilistic outputs for support vector machines.
Measuring and analyzing the characteristics of Napster and Gnutella hosts.
Total variation diminishing Runge-Kutta schemes.
A Mobile Transaction Model That Captures Both the Data and Movement Behavior.
Multi-Sensor Context-Awareness in Mobile Devices and Smart Artifacts.
On the Douglas-Rachford splitting method and the proximal point algorithm for maximal monotone operators.
Stability-Based Validation of Clustering Solutions.
A Region-Based Fuzzy Feature Matching Approach to Content-Based Image Retrieval.
Medical Image Analysis: Progress over Two Decades and the Challenges Ahead.
Inference of k-Testable Languages in the Strict Sense and Application to Syntactic Pattern Recognition.
Parallel and Deterministic Algorithms from MRFs: Surface Reconstruction.
Classification with Nonmetric Distances: Image Retrieval and Class Representation.
A Cache-Based Natural Language Model for Speech Recognition.
Generic Object Recognition with Boosting.
Contour-Based Object Tracking with Occlusion Handling in Video Acquired Using Mobile Cameras.
MILES: Multiple-Instance Learning via Embedded Instance Selection.
A Comparative Study of Energy Minimization Methods for Markov Random Fields with Smoothness-Based Priors.
A Closed-Form Solution to Natural Image Matting.
On the color image segmentation algorithm based on the thresholding and the fuzzy c-means techniques.
An infrastructure for context-awareness based on first order logic.
Three theorems regarding testing graph properties.
The State of the Art of Nurse Rostering.
Optimal Inapproximability Results for MAX-CUT and Other 2-Variable CSPs?.
On the Duality of Operating System Structures.
A Microeconomic Approach to Optimal Resource Allocation in Distributed Computer Systems.
LRFU: A Spectrum of Policies that Subsumes the Least Recently Used and Least Frequently Used Policies.
A Systematic Approach to Exploring Embedded System Architectures at Multiple Abstraction Levels.
A Calculus for the Random Generation of Labelled Combinatorial Structures.
Regular Edge Labeling of 4-Connected Plane Graphs and Its Applications in Graph Drawing Problems.
Power management in energy harvesting sensor networks.
Indexing Techniques for Queries on Nested Objects.
Contour Trees and Small Seed Sets for Isosurface Traversal.
On Agent-Mediated Electronic Commerce.
Interval-Based Conceptual Models for Time-Dependent Multimedia Data.
Using GOMS for User Interface Design and Evaluation: Which Technique?
Can you see me now?
Independent Components of Relations.
Constraint-Based Tools for Building User Interfaces.
Anisotropic diffusion of surfaces and functions on surfaces.
Fundamentals of spherical parameterization for 3D meshes.
Skinning mesh animations.
3D TV: a scalable system for real-time acquisition, transmission, and autostereoscopic display of dynamic scenes.
A sketch-based interface for detail-preserving mesh editing.
Image deformation using moving least squares.
A Probabilistic Learning Approach for Document Indexing.
SALSA: the stochastic approach for link-structure analysis.
Collaborative recommendation: A robustness analysis.
Packet-dispersion techniques and a capacity-estimation methodology.
Analysis of recursive state machines.
A framework for call graph construction algorithms.
Combinators for bidirectional tree transformations: A linguistic approach to the view-update problem.
Modeling software architectures in the Unified Modeling Language.
Balancing energy efficiency and quality of aggregate data in sensor networks.
Model Checking of Message Sequence Charts.
Performance modeling of asynchronous data transfer methods of IEEE 802.11 MAC protocol.
Incremental Cryptography: The Case of Hashing and Signing.
Robust Non-interactive Zero Knowledge.
SATzilla: Portfolio-based Algorithm Selection for SAT.
Hybrid learning machines.
Vehicle Routing Problem with Time Windows, Part I: Route Construction and Local Search Algorithms.
The Eifel algorithm: making TCP robust against spurious retransmissions.
Representing and Reasoning about Mappings between Domain Models.
Design and Maintenance of Data-Intensive Web Sites.
CSP and Anonymity.
NAPA C: Compiling for a Hybrid RISC/FPGA Architecture.
A Real-Time Continuous Gesture Recognition System for Sign Language.
The Process of Knowledge Discovery in Databases.
Broadcasting Algorithms in Radio Networks with Unknown Topology.
Fast Monte-Carlo Algorithms for Finding Low-Rank Approximations.
Economy of Description by Automata, Grammars, and Formal Systems
Confluence of Typed Attributed Graph Transformation Systems.
Verifying feature-based model templates against well-formedness OCL constraints.
Creating, destroying, and restoring value in wikipedia.
A Relational View of Information Seeking and Learning in Social Networks.
A Mixed-State CONDENSATION Tracker with Automatic Model-Switching.
Best Practices for Convolutional Neural Networks Applied to Visual Document Analysis.
Evaluating Top-k Queries over Web-Accessible Databases.
The psychological origins of perceived usefulness and ease-of-use.
Principles of concurrent and distributed programming.
VideoWhiteboard: video shadows to support remote collaboration.
Biometric Template Security.
Dimensionality Reduction of Multimodal Labeled Data by Local Fisher Discriminant Analysis.
Multiplicative Masking and Power Analysis of AES.
The Penn Chinese TreeBank: Phrase structure annotation of a large corpus.
A DCT-domain system for robust image watermarking.
Duality and Geometry in SVM Classifiers.
Robust constrained model predictive control using linear matrix inequalities.
Goal-Based Requirements Analysis.
Information Needs in Collocated Software Development Teams.
Attacks on Copyright Marking Systems.
Set k-cover algorithms for energy efficient monitoring in wireless sensor networks.
Navigating and querying code without getting lost.
Using the Fisher Kernel Method to Detect Remote Protein Homologies.
Protocol Testing: Review of Methods and Relevance for Software Testing.
PEBL: positive example based learning for Web page classification using SVM.
Influence and correlation in social networks.
Statistical properties of MPEG video traffic and their impact on traffic modeling in ATM systems.
Energy-Aware Routing in Cluster-Based Sensor Networks.
Partitioned register files for VLIWs: a preliminary analysis of tradeoffs.
Disk Scheduling in a Multimedia I/O System.
Detecting image near-duplicate by stochastic attributed relational graph matching with learning.
Rapid Prototyping of Mobile Context-Aware Applications: The Cyberguide Case Study.
Trajectory based forwarding and its applications.
Sound mobility models.
Finding and Reproducing Heisenbugs in Concurrent Programs.
Continual flow pipelines.
Maintaining variance and k-medians over data stream windows.
Logic Based Modeling and Analysis of Workflows.
Portable, Unobtrusive Garbage Collection for Multiprocessor Systems.
Types as Abstract Interpretations.
Hardness Results for the Power Range Assignmet Problem in Packet Radio Networks.
Discovering local structure in gene expression data: the order-preserving submatrix problem.
A Declarative Language for Querying and Restructuring the WEB.
Synthesis Techniques for Low-Power Hard Real-Time Systems on Variable Voltage Processors.
Location-aware key management scheme for wireless sensor networks.
Minimum-energy asynchronous dissemination to mobile sinks in wireless sensor networks.
Hierarchical Packet Fair Queueing Algorithms.
Automatic TCP Buffer Tuning.
A methodology for workload characterization of E-commerce sites.
Adapting simulated behaviors for new characters.
Multiple-center-of-projection Images.
Kizamu: a system for sculpting digital characters.
Consistent mesh parameterizations.
SETS: search enhanced by topic segmentation.
A user browsing model to predict search engine click data from past observations.
Discovering key concepts in verbose queries.
Managing server energy and operational costs in hosting centers.
Adaptive Ordering of Pipelined Stream Filters.
ConQuer: Efficient Management of Inconsistent Databases.
Optimization of Nested SQL Queries Revisited.
Online Association Rule Mining.
On Schema Matching with Opaque Column Names and Data Values.
Language Features for Interoperability of Databases with Schematic Discrepancies.
Data-Driven Understanding and Refinement of Schema Mappings.
Using task context to improve programmer productivity.
Eraser: A Dynamic Data Race Detector for Multi-Threaded Programs.
Self-Testing/Correcting with Applications to Numerical Problems
Approximation techniques for utilitarian mechanism design.
Competitive generalized auctions.
.879-approximation algorithms for MAX CUT and MAX 2SAT.
Provisioning a virtual private network: a network design problem for multicommodity flow.
An Interpolating Theorem Prover.
Learning to Cooperate via Policy Search.
A Toolset for Navigation in Virtual Environments.
FlowMenu: combining command, text, and data entry.
Laying Out and Visualizing Large Trees Using a Hyperbolic Space.
Time-Machine Computing: A Time-Centric Approach for the Information Environment.
Trio: A System for Data, Uncertainty, and Lineage.
Discovering Large Dense Subgraphs in Massive Graphs.
A Study of Index Structures for Main Memory Database Management Systems.
Combining Superposition, Sorts and Splitting.
Tracking Information Epidemics in Blogspace.
People, places, things: Web presence for the real world.
Finding authorities and hubs from link structures on the World Wide Web.
Gimme' the context: context-driven automatic semantic annotation with C-PANKOW.
DOM-based content extraction of HTML documents.
Understanding user behavior in large-scale video-on-demand systems.
Identifying the influential bloggers in a community.
A SAT Based Approach for Solving Formulas over Boolean and Linear Mathematical Propositions.
The RETSINA MAS Infrastructure.
TRAVOS: Trust and Reputation in the Context of Inaccurate Information Sources.
Verifying Compliance with Commitment Protocols.
Subtyping for session types in the pi calculus.
Algorithm portfolios.
On the Estimation of Optical Flow: Relations between Different Approaches and Some New Results.
Knowledge, action, and the frame problem.
Learning and inferring transportation routines.
Abstract Data Types and Software Validation.
A fast storage allocator.
Electronic Shopping.
From Object-Oriented to Goal-Oriented Requirements Analysis.
Discovering Shared Interests Using Graph Analysis.
Web usage mining for Web site evaluation.
Subtleties of Transactional Memory Atomicity Semantics.
Reconsidering wireless systems with multiple radios.
Results and Challenges in Web Search Evaluation.
Tuning SAT Checkers for Bounded Model Checking.
Wireless sensor networks: A survey on the state of the art and the 802.15.4 and ZigBee standards.
Exploring Algorithms Using Balsa-II.
ActiveCampus: Experiments in Community-Oriented Ubiquitous Computing.
Meaningful Modeling: What's the Semantics of "Semantics"?.
Modeling Online Reviews with Multi-grain Topic Models
Data Flow Analysis in Software Reliability.
Balancing confidentiality and efficiency in untrusted relational DBMSs.
A New Public Key Cryptosystem Based on Higher Residues.
Secure Agreement Protocols: Reliable and Atomic Group Multicast in Rampart.
Understanding knowledge sharing in virtual communities: An integration of social capital and social cognitive theories.
The alphaslider: a compact and rapid selector.
Computational-Mechanism Design: A Call to Arms.
Designing the whyline: a debugging interface for asking questions about program behavior.
Pushdown Processes: Games and Model-Checking.
Pointing the Way: Active Collaborative Filtering.
Lurker demographics: counting the silent.
WinCuts: manipulating arbitrary window regions for more effective use of screen space.
Reliable Estimation of Dense Optical Flow Fields with Large Displacements.
Protecting Free Expression Online with Freenet.
Complete inverted files for efficient text retrieval and analysis.
Subresultants and Reduced Polynomial Remainder Sequences.
Decomposable negation normal form.
Relations Among Complexity Measures.
Determining the semantic orientation of terms through gloss classification.
State Complexity of Regular Languages.
Methods for Identifying Versioned and Plagiarized Documents.
Fast Rectangular Matrix Multiplication and Applications.
Discovering Local Structure in Gene Expression Data: The Order-Preserving Submatrix Problem.
Semantic E-Workflow Composition.
Reducing Multiclass to Binary: A Unifying Approach for Margin Classifiers.
Word-Sequence Kernels.
Learning the Kernel Function via Regularization.
Reliability prediction for component-based software architectures.
A Cross-Cultural Study on Escalation of Commitment Behavior in Software Projects.
Learning Conjunctions of Horn Clauses.
Learning to Decode Cognitive States from Brain Images.
Incremental Learning from Noisy Data.
NeTra: A Toolbox for Navigating Large Image Databases.
Efficiency Loss in a Network Resource Allocation Game.
Fast Global Oscillations in Networks of Integrate-and-Fire Neurons with Low Firing Rates.
Population Dynamics of Spiking Neurons: Fast Transients, Asynchronous States, and Locking.
SEEMORE: Combining Color, Shape and Texture Histogramming in a Neurally-Inspired Approach to Visual Object Recognition.
Algebraic Analysis for Nonidentifiable Learning Machines.
Application of Affine-Invariant Fourier Descriptors to Recognition of 3-D Objects.
Linear N-Point Camera Pose Determination.
Groups of Adjacent Contour Segments for Object Detection.
GreatSPN 1.7: Graphical Editor and Analyzer for Timed and Stochastic Petri Nets.
Face recognition from a single image per person: A survey.
Synchronous Programming with Events and Relations: the SIGNAL Language and Its Semantics.
Weighted pushdown systems and their application to interprocedural dataflow analysis.
All-Pairs Almost Shortest Paths.
Computationally Sound Proofs.
Algorithmic problems in power management.
An Orthogonally Persistent Java.
Comparative Analysis of Five XML Query Languages.
Comprehension Syntax.
Mobile Agents and the Future of the Internet.
A framework for adaptive execution in grids.
A Tutorial on Reed-Solomon Coding for Fault-Tolerance in RAID-Like Systems.
Type Inference with Constrained Types.
Stochastic Well-Formed Colored Nets and Symmetric Modeling Applications.
Compiler Algorithms for Synchronization.
Multilevel circuit partitioning.
ASCENT: Adaptive Self-Configuring sEnsor Networks Topologies.
Social matching: A framework and research agenda.
Lightweight Remote Procedure Call.
Converting Thread-Level Parallelism to Instruction-Level Parallelism via Simultaneous Multithreading.
On the Generation of Cryptographically Strong Pseudorandom Sequences
A Distributed Mutual Exclusion Algorithm
SilkRoute: A framework for publishing relational data in XML.
A new approach to developing and implementing eager database replication protocols.
Rigid fluid: animating the interplay between rigid bodies and fluid.
A planar-reflective symmetry transform for 3D shapes.
Lightcuts: a scalable approach to illumination.
Visibility-Ordering Meshed Polyhedra.
Extending document management systems with user-specific active properties.
A measurement-based admission control algorithm for integrated service packet networks.
Compressed bloom filters.
Interprocedural pointer alias analysis.
A Structural View of the Cedar Programming Environment.
A Comparative Study of Topological Properties of Hypercubes and Star Graphs.
Hazard Pointers: Safe Memory Reclamation for Lock-Free Objects.
Efficient Scheduling Algorithms for Real-Time Multiprocessor Systems.
Maisie: A Language for the Design of Efficient Discrete-Event Simulations.
An Empirical Study of Representation Methods for Reusable Software Components.
Advancing Candidate Link Generation for Requirements Tracing: The Study of Methods.
Formal Specification and Analysis of Software Architectures Using the Chemical Abstract Machine Model.
Software Reflexion Models: Bridging the Gap between Design and Implementation.
Predicting Fault-Prone Software Modules in Telephone Switches.
Verifying Authentication Protocols in CSP.
Automatically Generating Test Data from a Boolean Specification.
The interpretation and application of Rent's rule.
Scheduling data broadcast in asymmetric communication environments.
HTN planning for Web Service composition using SHOP2.
OBSERVER: An Approach for Query Processing in Global Information Systems based on Interoperation across Pre-existing Ontologies.
Mobiscopes for Human Spaces.
Retrieval, reuse, revision and retention in case-based reasoning.
Cryptographically Strong Undeniable Signatures, Unconditionally Secure for the Signer.
How to Solve any Protocol Problem - An Efficiency Improvement.
Blogging as social activity, or, would you let 900 million people read your diary?
Two Formal Analys s of Attack Graphs.
A Final Coalgebra Theorem.
Information systems outsourcing: a survey and analysis of the literature.
A Unified Mixture Framework for Motion Segmentation: Incorporating Spatial Coherence and Estimating the Number of Models.
Boosting in the Limit: Maximizing the Margin of Learned Ensembles.
Dynamic Ontologies on the Web.
Full-chip analysis of leakage power under process variations, including spatial correlations.
Efficient Generation of Counterexamples and Witnesses in Symbolic Model Checking.
A Topological Search Algorithm for ATPG.
Removing Shadows from Images.
A Factorization Approach to Grouping.
Self-Stabilization By Local Checking and Correction (Extended Abstract)
Transforming Men into Mice (Polynomial Algorithm for Genomic Distance Problem).
Optimal Lower Bounds for Quantum Automata and Random Access Codes.
A Practical Attack on Broadcast RC4.
Securing the AES Finalists Against Power Analysis Attacks.
Building Diverse Computer Systems.
Dynamic Virtual Clusters in a Grid Site Manager.
Model 204 Architecture and Performance.
Sun's Link Service: A Protocol for Open Linking.
HyPursuit: A Hierarchical Network Search Engine that Exploits Content-Link Hypertext Clustering.
Impartiality, Justice and Fairness: The Ethics of Concurrent Termination.
Non-interactive Verifiable Computing: Outsourcing Computation to Untrusted Workers.
Subthreshold leakage modeling and reduction techniques.
Bus Encoding to Prevent Crosstalk Delay.
Consumer Surplus in the Digital Economy: Estimating the Value of Increased Product Variety at Online Booksellers.
Shadow Puppetry.
Selection of Scale-Invariant Parts for Object Class Recognition.
Motion Segmentation and Tracking Using Normalized Cuts.
Fusing Points and Lines for High Performance Tracking.
Load Shedding for Aggregation Queries over Data Streams.
Closure-Tree: An Index Structure for Graph Queries.
Individual Trust in Online Firms: Scale Development and Initial Test.
Learning to Implement Enterprise Systems: An Exploratory Study of the Dialectics of Change.
An Index-Based Approach for Similarity Search Supporting Time Warping in Large Sequence Databases.
Interior point algorithms - theory and analysis.
A Prime Number Labeling Scheme for Dynamic Ordered XML Trees.
Performance of Nearest Neighbor Queries in R-Trees.
A Short-Form Measure of User Information Satisfaction: A Psychometric Evaluation and Notes on Use.
Public-Key Cryptosystems Resilient to Key Leakage.
A Framework for Efficient and Composable Oblivious Transfer.
OAEP Reconsidered.
Funology - From Usability to Enjoyment
Query Learning Strategies Using Boosting and Bagging.
Solving cluster ensemble problems by bipartite graph partitioning.
SSVM: A Smooth Support Vector Machine for Classification.
Supporting reuse by delivering task-relevant and personalized information.
Silhouette and Stereo Fusion for 3D Object Modeling.
Towards optimal sleep scheduling in sensor networks for rare-event detection.
Positional Adaptation of Processors: Application to Energy Reduction.
Active Pages: A Computation Model for Intelligent Memory.
Transient-Fault Recovery Using Simultaneous Multithreading.
Corona: System Implications of Emerging Nanophotonic Technology.
Large-scale AOSD for middleware.
Topic-conditioned novelty detection.
Integrating Functional and Imperative Programming.
On Model Checking for Non-Deterministic Infinite-State Systems.
Drowsy instruction caches: leakage power reduction using dynamic voltage scaling and cache sub-bank prediction.
Handling long-latency loads in a simultaneous multithreading processor.
Dynamic voltage scaling on a low-power microprocessor.
Effects of power conservation, wireless coverage and cooperation on data dissemination among mobile devices.
On the capacity improvement of ad hoc wireless networks using directional antennas.
Design and Implementation of a Framework for Efficient and Programmable Sensor Networks.
Stylized rendering techniques for scalable real-time 3D animation.
The Architecture of the EXODUS Extensible DBMS.
Adding Type Parameterization to the Java Language.
Regression Test Selection for Java Software.
The Management of Changing Types in an Object-Oriented Database.
Non-Volatile Memory for Fast, Reliable File Systems.
Overlapped Loop Support in the Cydra 5.
DMP: deterministic shared memory multiprocessing.
Optimal Spilling for CISC Machines with Few Registers.
Determining Average Program Execution Times and their Variance.
Full functional verification of linked data structures.
On the Impossibility of Group Membership.
Integrity Constraints for XML.
Every Logic Program Has a Natural Stratification And an Iterated Least Fixed Point Model.
On the Advantages of Free Choice: A Symmetric and Fully Distributed Solution to the Dining Philosophers Problem.
Expressing Interesting Properties of Programs in Propositional Temporal Logic.
Seamful interweaving: heterogeneity in the theory and design of interactive systems.
An asynchronous complete method for distributed constraint optimization.
On task schedulability in real-time control systems.
The Case for Persistent-Connection HTTP.
Ethane: taking control of the enterprise.
Set operations on polyhedra using binary space partitioning trees.
Automatic Feedback Using Past Queries: Social Searching?
Display time as implicit feedback: understanding task effects.
Using a Generalized Instance Set for Automatic Text Categorization.
Re-examining the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion.
Experiments in Multilingual Information Retrieval Using the SPIDER System.
Automatic generation of overview timelines.
Robust classification of rare queries using web knowledge.
The Impact of Operating System Scheduling Policies and Synchronization Methods of the Performance of Parallel Application.
Structural analysis of network traffic flows.
Load-Balancing Heuristics and Process Behavior.
MemSpy: Analyzing Memory System Bottlenecks in Programs.
Behavior of Database Production Rules: Termination, Confluence, and Observable Determinism.
STRUDEL: A Web-site Management System.
Fast Computation of Database Operations using Graphics Processors.
DynaMat: A Dynamic View Management System for Data Warehouses.
Towards identity anonymization on graphs.
Protection and the Control of Information Sharing in MULTICS.
Exploring Multiple Execution Paths for Malware Analysis.
Combinatorial optimization problems in self-assembly.
On the learnability of discrete distributions.
Nearly-linear size holographic proofs.
What is in a Step: On the Semantics of Statecharts.
Incentive compatible multi unit combinatorial auctions.
Reflective physical prototyping through integrated design, test, and analysis.
MMM: a user interface architecture for shared editors on a single screen.
Fast and memory efficient polygonal simplification.
Estimating the Numbers of End Users and End User Programmers.
An Efficient and Scalable Approach to CNN Queries in a Road Network.
Adaptive Cleaning for RFID Data Streams.
R* Optimizer Validation and Performance Evaluation for Distributed Queries.
Continuous Nearest Neighbor Monitoring in Road Networks.
Adaptive Data Broadcast in Hybrid Networks.
The chatty web: emergent semantics through gossiping.
Accelerated focused crawling through online relevance feedback.
A hierarchical monothetic document clustering algorithm for summarization and browsing search results.
Business Process Management: A Survey.
Reasoning with Individuals for the Description Logic SHIQ.
The Open Agent Architecture.
The challenge of poker.
Deliberation Scheduling for Problem Solving in Time-Constrained Environments.
Phase Transitions and the Search Problem.
Automatic Programming of Behavior-Based Robots Using Reinforcement Learning.
Recursive Distributed Representations.
Automatic Classification of Tennis Video for High-Level Content-Based Retrieval.
A systematic comparison and evaluation of biclustering methods for gene expression data.
Modeling Web Application Architectures with UML.
Adaptive Web sites.
Protection and the Control of Information Sharing in Multics.
An efficient machine-independent procedure for garbage collection in various list structures.
Combining Partial Order Reductions with On-the-fly Model-Checking.
A Simple and Fast Incremental Randomized Algorithm for Computing Trapezoidal Decompositions and for Triangulating Polygons.
Asim: A Performance Model Framework.
Reading and Writing the Electronic Book.
Estimators for Stochastic ``Unification-Based'' Grammars
Learning to Cooperate via Policy Search
Image Retrieval from the World Wide Web: Issues, Techniques, and Systems.
Reliability Issues in Computing System Design.
Topology control in wireless ad hoc and sensor networks.
The Indexing and Retrieval of Document Images: A Survey.
Convexity Rule for Shape Decomposition Based on Discrete Contour Evolution.
A fast algorithm for the maximum clique problem.
Enhancing byte-level network intrusion detection signatures with context.
Multi-signatures in the plain public-Key model and a general forking lemma.
A Linear-Time Algorithm for Computing the Voronoi Diagram of a Convex Polygon.
Computing Persistent Homology.
Part-Whole Relations in Object-Centered Systems: An Overview.
What's in a Service?
A Model and Methodology for Hardware-Software Codesign.
New Methods for Competitive Coevolution.
Exact Learning Boolean Functions via the Monotone Theory
Differential Power Analysis in the Presence of Hardware Countermeasures.
Guidelines for conducting and reporting case study research in software engineering.
iStuff: a physical user interface toolkit for ubiquitous computing environments.
Multimodal 'eyes-free' interaction techniques for wearable devices.
An Improvement of McMillan's Unfolding Algorithm.
Evolving Video Skims into Useful Multimedia Abstractions.
Algorithmic Analysis of Programs with Well Quasi-ordered Domains.
A large scale study of wireless search behavior: Google mobile search.
Password Memorability and Security: Empirical Results.
Human Body Model Acquisition and Tracking Using Voxel Data.
Syntactic Analysis and Operator Precedence.
Approximate Graph Coloring by Semidefinite Programming.
On the closest string and substring problems.
The Weighted Region Problem: Finding Shortest Paths Through a Weighted Planar Subdivision.
Shortest-Path and Minimum-Delay Algorithms in Networks with Time-Dependent Edge-Length
Efficient query evaluation using a two-level retrieval process.
Undirected connectivity in log-space.
Exploiting Causal Independence in Bayesian Network Inference.
Learning Concept Hierarchies from Text Corpora using Formal Concept Analysis.
Using appraisal groups for sentiment analysis.
Topologically Sweeping an Arrangement.
Approximating clique-width and branch-width.
Fast Binary Feature Selection with Conditional Mutual Information.
On the Theories of Triangular Sets.
TRIO: A logic language for executable specifications of real-time systems.
Engineering a Simple, Efficient Code-Generator Generator.
Trends and Challenges in VLSI Circuit Reliability.
One Road to Turnover: An Examination of Work Exhaustion in Technology Professionals.
An Overview of Audio Information Retrieval.
Stochastic Completion Fields: A Neural Model of Illusory Contour Shape and Salience.
Comparison and Combination of Ear and Face Images in Appearance-Based Biometrics.
Discriminant Waveletfaces and Nearest Feature Classifiers for Face Recognition.
A Robust Competitive Clustering Algorithm With Applications in Computer Vision.
Structure Learning of Bayesian Networks by Genetic Algorithms: A Performance Analysis of Control Parameters.
Multiclass Linear Dimension Reduction by Weighted Pairwise Fisher Criteria.
Computation of Normalized Edit Distance and Applications.
Skin Segmentation Using Color Pixel Classification: Analysis and Comparison.
Lifestreams: A Storage Model for Personal Data.
HYTECH: A Model Checker for Hybrid Systems.
Combining Crypto with Biometrics Effectively.
Clock Synchronization in Distributed Real-Time Systems.
Accurate Low-Cost Methods for Performance Evaluation of Cache Memory Systems.
Checking Before Output May Not Be Enough Against Fault-Based Cryptanalysis.
Inductively defined types.
Paraconsistent Logic Programming.
On the Regular Structure of Prefix Rewriting.
New Methods for 3-SAT Decision and Worst-case Analysis.
Keyword Proximity Search in XML Trees.
Tri-Training: Exploiting Unlabeled Data Using Three Classifiers.
The Tracker: A Threat to Statistical Database Security.
A Probabilistic Relational Model and Algebra.
Locking Performance in Centralized Databases.
Robust repair of polygonal models.
Subspace gradient domain mesh deformation.
Image-based reconstruction of spatial appearance and geometric detail.
Multi-level ray tracing algorithm.
Interactive video cutout.
Removing excess topology from isosurfaces.
Dynamic response for motion capture animation.
Boosting the performance of Web search engines: Caching and prefetching query results by exploiting historical usage data.
Estimating frequency of change.
The performance of query control schemes for the zone routing protocol.
Reducing location update cost in a PCS network.
Distributed Cooperation with Action Systems.
Probabilistic Predicate Transformers.
An Abstract Machine for Tabled Execution of Fixed-Order Stratified Logic Programs.
Reconciling Environment Integration and Software Evolution.
Reputation-based framework for high integrity sensor networks.
Compiling Communication-Efficient Programs for Massively Parallel Machines.
An Efficient Partitioning Algorithm for Distributed Virtual Environment Systems.
State-Based Model Checking of Event-Driven System Requirements.
Describing Software Architecture Styles Using Graph Grammars.
Scheduling Processes with Release Times, Deadlines, Precedence, and Exclusion Relations.
Search Algorithms for Regression Test Case Prioritization.
Hierarchical Model for Real Time Simulation of Virtual Human Crowds.
Empirical Evaluation of User Models and User-Adapted Systems.
Scalable Feature Selection, Classification and Signature Generation for Organizing Large Text Databases into Hierarchical Topic Taxonomies.
Describing the emotional states that are expressed in speech.
Test Wrapper and Test Access Mechanism Co-Optimization for System-on-Chip.
GQ and Schnorr Identification Schemes: Proofs of Security against Impersonation under Active and Concurrent Attacks.
Security Analysis of IKE's Signature-Based Key-Exchange Protocol.
Harnessing the wisdom of crowds in wikipedia: quality through coordination.
The Behavior of Tutoring Systems.
Information Extraction from HTML: Application of a General Machine Learning Approach.
Symmetric Stereo Matching for Occlusion Handling.
Calculating Worst-Case Gate Delays Due to Dominant Capacitance Coupling.
On the Run-time Behaviour of Stochastic Local Search Algorithms for SAT.
Transistor Sizing Issues and Tool For Multi-Threshold CMOS Technology.
The future of multiprocessor systems-on-chips.
Theoretical and practical limits of dynamic voltage scaling.
The Chimaera Ontology Environment.
Counting Models Using Connected Components.
Deriving a Large-Scale Taxonomy from Wikipedia.
Incremental Singular Value Decomposition of Uncertain Data with Missing Values.
User-Driven Ontology Evolution Management.
New Data Structures for Orthogonal Range Searching.
Graph-Grammars: An Algebraic Approach
The Relationship between Public Key Encryption and Oblivious Transfer.
Group Strategyproof Mechanisms via Primal-Dual Algorithms.
Succinct Representation of Balanced Parentheses, Static Trees and Planar Graphs.
On Monotone Formula Closure of SZK
Functional Programming with Bananas, Lenses, Envelopes and Barbed Wire.
Concepts and Applications of Multilevel Transactions and Open Nested Transactions
A peer-to-peer spatial cloaking algorithm for anonymous location-based service.
Vision-Based Gesture Recognition: A Review.
Rethinking Media Richness: Towards a Theory of Media Synchronicity.
Weighting Features.
The Pascal Visual Object Classes (VOC) Challenge.
A Spectral Technique for Correspondence Problems Using Pairwise Constraints.
Wide Baseline Stereo Matching.
Key dimensions of business-to-consumer web sites.
Basic category theory for computer scientists.
Finding (Recently) Frequent Items in Distributed Data Streams.
Approximate Queries and Representations for Large Data Sequences.
Testing a walkthrough methodology for theory-based design of walk-up-and-use interfaces.
Executive Involvement and Participation in the Management of Information Technology.
Determinants of Information Technology Outsourcing: A Cross-Sectional Analysis.
Modular Object-Oriented Programming with Units and Mixins.
Related-key cryptanalysis of 3-WAY, Biham-DES, CAST, DES-X, NewDES, RC2, and TEA.
Information Technology Diffusion: A Review of Empirical Research.
Visual touchpad: a two-handed gestural input device.
Friend-or-Foe Q-learning in General-Sum Games.
Dynamic conditional random fields: factorized probabilistic models for labeling and segmenting sequence data.
Restricted Boltzmann machines for collaborative filtering.
Outex- New Framework for Empirical Evaluation of Texture Analysis Algorithms.
Theme: An Approach for Aspect-Oriented Analysis and Design.
A replicated assessment and comparison of common software cost modeling techniques.
Instant consistency checking for the UML.
DECKARD: Scalable and Accurate Tree-Based Detection of Code Clones.
Evolving software product lines with aspects: an empirical study on design stability.
An analysis of live streaming workloads on the internet.
A Characterization of Sharing in Parallel Programs and Its Application to Coherency Protocol Evaluation.
Adaptive insertion policies for high performance caching.
Modeling Within-Die Spatial Correlation Effects for Process-Design Co-Optimization.
The Conference Assistant: Combining Context-Awareness with Wearable Computing.
SenSay: A Context-Aware Mobile Phone.
Petri Nets as Token Objects: An Introduction to Elementary Object Nets.
Learning nonstationary models of normal network traffic for detecting novel attacks.
Can we push more constraints into frequent pattern mining?
Weighted Association Rule Mining using weighted support and significance framework.
Algorithms for estimating relative importance in networks.
Eliminating noisy information in Web pages for data mining.
A Fully Abstract Game Semantics for General References.
Local Action and Abstract Separation Logic.
Optimizing NUCA Organizations and Wiring Alternatives for Large Caches with CACTI 6.0.
Optimal and efficient merging schedules for video-on-demand servers.
Self-tuning wireless network power management.
Mix-Networks on Permutation Networks.
Proving Pointer Programs in Hoare Logic.
Provably Secure Blind Signature Schemes.
Improved Statistical Machine Translation Using Paraphrases.
Secure multi-party computation problems and their applications: a review and open problems.
Combining Language and Database Advances in an Object-Oriented Development Environment.
The Apertos Reflective Operating System: The Concept and its Implementation.
jStar: towards practical verification for java.
Lazy Receiver Processing (LRP): A Network Subsystem Architecture for Server Systems.
The Strobe Algorithms for Multi-Source Warehouse Consistency.
YA-TRAP: Yet Another Trivial RFID Authentication Protocol.
The PSP Approach for Mining Sequential Patterns.
Interprocedural Side-Effect Analysis in Linear Time.
An Evaluation of Staged Run-Time Optimizations in DyC.
Debugging Optimized Code with Dynamic Deoptimization.
Pointer Analysis for Multithreaded Programs.
Race directed random testing of concurrent programs.
Statistical Estimators for Relational Algebra Expressions.
Context-sensitive program analysis as database queries.
Incremental Computation via Function Caching.
Tag-aware recommender systems by fusion of collaborative filtering algorithms.
Tracking a moving object with a binary sensor network.
An evaluation of multi-resolution storage for sensor networks.
Laplace-Beltrami eigenfunctions for deformation invariant shape representation.
Volume Sculpting.
Interference-aware fair rate control in wireless sensor networks.
Bidirectional reflection functions from surface bump maps.
Spectral processing of point-sampled geometry.
Robust Mesh Watermarking.
Automated generation of intent-based 3D Illustrations.
Particle animation and rendering using data parallel computation.
Multiperspective panoramas for cel animation.
Bead: Explorations in Information Visualization.
Analysis of anchor text for web search.
A Flexible Model for Retrieval of SGML Documents.
On the Reuse of Past Optimal Queries.
A Belief Network Model for IR.
Generic summarization and keyphrase extraction using mutual reinforcement principle and sentence clustering.
Learning query intent from regularized click graphs.
Distributed Query Processing in a Relational Data Base System.
Selectivity Estimation using Probabilistic Models.
Adaptive Stream Resource Management Using Kalman Filters.
Progressive Approximate Aggregate Queries with a Multi-Resolution Tree Structure.
Multi-dimensional Selectivity Estimation Using Compressed Histogram Information.
STRIPES: An Efficient Index for Predicted Trajectories.
Turbo-charging Vertical Mining of Large Databases.
Fg-index: towards verification-free query processing on graph databases.
MCDB: a monte carlo approach to managing uncertain data.
On nash equilibria for a network creation game.
BAR fault tolerance for cooperative services.
Capturing, indexing, clustering, and retrieving system history.
CRL: High-Performance All-Software Distributed Shared Memory.
Pioneer: verifying code integrity and enforcing untampered code execution on legacy systems.
Java Security: From HotJava to Netscape and Beyond.
Locating Hidden Servers.
Using Model Checking to Analyze Network Vulnerabilities.
Security Properties and CSP.
Canonical Labeling of Graphs
Private Coins versus Public Coins in Interactive Proof Systems
Know thy neighbor's neighbor: the power of lookahead in randomized P2P networks.
Bringing physics to the surface.
Mining Longest Repeating Subsequences to Predict World Wide Web Surfing.
Scheduling Real-time Transactions: a Performance Evaluation.
Hashing Methods and Relational Algebra Operations.
Preference SQL - Design, Implementation, Experiences.
KLEE: A Framework for Distributed Top-k Query Algorithms.
Reverse kNN Search in Arbitrary Dimensionality.
Performance by unified model analysis (PUMA).
Evaluating strategies for similarity search on the web.
TrustGuard: countering vulnerabilities in reputation management for decentralized overlay networks.
Planetary-scale views on a large instant-messaging network.
Efficient similarity joins for near duplicate detection.
Traffic classification using clustering algorithms.
The Method of Forced Enumeration for Nondeterministic Automata.
Learning to Act Using Real-Time Dynamic Programming.
Representations and Solutions for Game-Theoretic Problems.
Connectionist Learning of Belief Networks.
Logical Settings for Concept-Learning.
Measures of Uncertainty in Expert Systems.
A Probabilistic Approach to Collaborative Multi-Robot Localization.
Interference in Multiprocessor Computer Systems with Interleaved Memory.
The Humble Programmer.
An Incremental Constraint Solver.
Connectionist Expert Systems.
ELI: A Complete, Flexible Compiler Construction System.
Prevention of system deadlocks.
Generality in Artificial Intelligence.
The Art of Navigating through Hypertext.
Passive estimation of TCP round-trip times.
AS relationships: inference and validation.
The NCSU Concurrency Workbench.
Grammatical Category Disambiguation by Statistical Optimization.
Design Recovery for Maintenance and Reuse.
The Density Advantage of Configurable Computing.
The Essence of Constraint Propagation
Set K-Cover Algorithms for Energy Efficient Monitoring in Wireless Sensor Networks
Replica Selection in the Globus Data Grid.
Participatory Design: Issues and Concerns.
Semantic annotation of soccer videos: automatic highlights identification.
Silhouette and stereo fusion for 3D object modeling.
Probabilistic recognition of human faces from video.
Perspectives of Monge Properties in Optimization.
STREAM: The Stanford Stream Data Manager.
Visual Cryptography for General Access Structures
A Taxonomy of Model Transformation.
Sweep and point and shoot: phonecam-based interactions for large public displays.
Effects of four computer-mediated communications channels on trust development.
Visualizing the Evolution of Web Ecologies.
Improving focus targeting in interactive fisheye views.
Optimal Orientations of Cells in Slicing Floorplan Designs
Cell Broadband Engine Architecture and its first implementation - A performance view.
Blue Gene: A vision for protein science using a petaflop supercomputer.
Motion Competition: A Variational Approach to Piecewise Parametric Motion Segmentation.
Using thumbnails to search the Web.
Usability evaluation considered harmful (some of the time).
Intuitionistic preference relations and their application in group decision making.
Backtrack Programming.
New text indexing functionalities of the compressed suffix arrays.
Internet Browsing and Searching: User Evaluations of Category Map and Concept Space Techniques.
Clustering Transactions Using Large Items.
Beyond the session timeout: automatic hierarchical segmentation of search topics in query logs.
A Uniform Framework for Regulating Service Access and Information Release on the Web.
Securing vehicular ad hoc networks.
Spot-Checkers.
Extracting Randomness: A Survey and New Constructions.
The price of anarchy is independent of the network topology.
Subgroup Discovery with CN2-SD.
Definitional Interpreters for Higher-Order Programming Languages.
A Per Model of Secure Information Flow in Sequential Programs.
Text Categorization with Support Vector Machines. How to Represent Texts in Input Space?
Efficient Reinforcement Learning through Symbiotic Evolution.
A Probabilistic Approach to Concurrent Mapping and Localization for Mobile Robots.
A judgmental reconstruction of modal logic.
The Helmholtz machine.
Convergent activation dynamics in continuous time networks.
Combining the results of several neural network classifiers.
Locally Adaptive Metric Nearest-Neighbor Classification.
A Theoretical and Experimental Analysis of Linear Combiners for Multiple Classifier Systems.
Properties of Embedding Methods for Similarity Searching in Metric Spaces.
Multimodal Estimation of Discontinuous Optical Flow using Markov Random Fields.
On Median Graphs: Properties, Algorithms, and Applications.
Shape and Nonrigid Motion Estimation Through Physics-Based Synthesis.
A Unified Framework for Subspace Face Recognition.
Candid Covariance-Free Incremental Principal Component Analysis.
Pattern Vectors from Algebraic Graph Theory.
An Experimental Study on Pedestrian Classification.
The message delay in mobile ad hoc networks.
The Demographics, Motivations, and Derived Experiences of Users of Massively Multi-User Online Graphical Environments.
Balls and bins: A study in negative dependence.
A Theoretical Basis for Stepwise Refinement and the Programming Calculus.
Stratego/XT 0.17. A language and toolset for program transformation.
An Optimal Probabilistic Protocol for Synchronous Byzantine Agreement.
An Optimal Algorithm for Euclidean Shortest Paths in the Plane.
On Shortest Paths in Polyhedral Spaces.
Worst-Case to Average-Case Reductions Based on Gaussian Measures.
Utopia: a Load Sharing Facility for Large, Heterogeneous Distributed Computer Systems.
FastPlace: efficient analytical placement using cell shifting, iterative local refinement, and a hybrid net model.
An algebra for composing access control policies.
Clustering intrusion detection alarms to support root cause analysis.
Finding Interesting Associations without Support Pruning.
Query Expansion by Mining User Logs.
Architecture of the ORION Next-Generation Database System.
Arbitration (or How to Merge Knowledge Bases).
View Integration: A Step Forward in Solving Structural Conflicts.
Exploiting Punctuation Semantics in Continuous Data Streams.
A Survey on Content-Based Retrieval for Multimedia Databases.
The effects of workspace awareness support on the usability of real-time distributed groupware.
Minerva: An automated resource provisioning tool for large-scale storage systems.
Parallelism and Recovery in Database Systems.
A method for animating viscoelastic fluids.
Flash photography enhancement via intrinsic relighting.
Nonconvex rigid bodies with stacking.
Geometry clipmaps: terrain rendering using nested regular grids.
Image-based 3D photography using opacity hulls.
Real-time video abstraction.
Optimized scale-and-stretch for image resizing.
Data integration using similarity joins and a word-based information representation language.
A Critical Investigation of Recall and Precision as Measures of Retrieval System Performance.
Algorithm 755: ADOL-C: A Package for the Automatic Differentiation of Algorithms Written in C/C++.
Achieving network optima using Stackelberg routing strategies.
Delayed Internet routing convergence.
Adaptive wavelength routing in all-optical networks.
Modeling the 802.11 distributed coordination function in nonsaturated heterogeneous conditions.
An indexed model of recursive types for foundational proof-carrying code.
An Improved Context-Free Recognizer.
Conjunction as Composition.
On the Granularity and Clustering of Directed Acyclic Task Graphs.
The N-Version Approach to Fault-Tolerant Software.
System Structure Analysis: Clustering with Data Bindings.
Design and optimization of dual-threshold circuits for low-voltage low-power applications.
Semantic annotation for knowledge management: Requirements and a survey of the state of the art.
Software Engineering for Self-Adaptive Systems: A Research Roadmap.
Patterns of Sharing Customizable Software.
GROUPKIT: A Groupware Toolkit for Building Real-Time Conferencing Applications.
Identification of coordination requirements: implications for the Design of collaboration and awareness tools.
Robust Declassification.
Automata, Logic, and XML.
Reflectance and Texture of Real-World Surfaces Authors.
Multiple Bernoulli Relevance Models for Image and Video Annotation.
A Sparse Object Category Model for Efficient Learning and Exhaustive Recognition.
Multiclass Object Recognition with Sparse, Localized Features.
Selected Topics in Column Generation.
Efficient Large-Scale Power Grid Analysis Based on Preconditioned Krylov-Subspace Iterative Methods.
Geometry-Based Watermarking of 3D Models.
Death, taxes and failing chips.
Regulating Access to XML documents.
Named Entity Recognition without Gazetteers.
On Wiedemann's Method of Solving Sparse Linear Systems.
Hamming Embedding and Weak Geometric Consistency for Large Scale Image Search.
Two Languages Are More Informative Than One.
Fast Methods for Kernel-Based Text Analysis.
Probabilistic Text Structuring: Experiments with Sentence Ordering.
Algorithmic Graph Minor Theory: Decomposition, Approximation, and Coloring.
A Dichromatic Framework for Balanced Trees
Fault detecting experiments for sequential circuits
Vickrey Prices and Shortest Paths: What is an Edge Worth?.
Maximum Entropy Based Phrase Reordering Model for Statistical Machine Translation.
Experimental Study of Internet Stability and Backbone Failures.
Why Information Security is Hard-An Economic Perspective.
The Case for Higher-Level Power Management.
Reducing Energy Consumption of Disk Storage Using Power-Aware Cache Management.
Data clustering: 50 years beyond K-means.
SPEC CPU2006 benchmark descriptions.
Tracking Across Multiple Cameras With Disjoint Views.
Testing the technology acceptance model across cultures: A three country study.
Efficient Computation of Spatial Joins.
Technology affordances.
Energy-Efficient Caching for Wireless Mobile Computing.
Mining Top-K Frequent Closed Patterns without Minimum Support.
Collaborative Filtering for Implicit Feedback Datasets.
PORs: Proofs of Retrievability for Large Files.
TaintDroid: An Information-Flow Tracking System for Realtime Privacy Monitoring on Smartphones.
A Computationally Sound Mechanized Prover for Security Protocols.
The Kernel-Adatron Algorithm: A Fast and Simple Learning Procedure for Support Vector Machines.
Feature Engineering for Text Classification.
A NUCA substrate for flexible CMP cache sharing.
Encoding Program Executions.
Toward autonomic web services trust and selection.
String Searching Algorithms
A Brief Introduction to Boosting.
A Source-Based Algorithm for Delay-Constrained Minimum-Cost Multicasting.
Focus+Context Display and Navigation Techniques for Enhancing Radial, Space-Filling Hierarchy Visualizations.
ARMCI: A Portable Remote Memory Copy Libray for Ditributed Array Libraries and Compiler Run-Time Systems.
Network coverage using low duty-cycled sensors: random & coordinated sleep algorithms.
Architectural support for scalable speculative parallelization in shared-memory multiprocessors.
Raksha: a flexible information flow architecture for software security.
Modularizing design patterns with aspects: a quantitative study.
Mobile Robot Miniaturisation: A Tool for Investigation in Control Algorithms.
Technology and design challenges for low power and high performance.
FastPlace: efficient analytical placement using cell shifting, iterative local refinement and a hybrid net model.
A Set of Benchmarks fo Modular Testing of SOCs.
Using Automatic Clustering to Produce High-Level System Organizations of Source Code.
Adversarial classification.
Evolutionary clustering.
Mining in a Data-Flow Environment: Experience in Network Intrusion Detection.
The Architecture of the Ara Platform for Mobile Agents.
A framework for dynamic energy efficiency and temperature management.
IRM: integrated region matching for image retrieval.
On the detection of semantic concepts at TRECVID.
Early versus late fusion in semantic video analysis.
A Reliable Dissemination Protocol for Interactive Collaborative Applications.
Automatic performance setting for dynamic voltage scaling.
A transport layer approach for achieving aggregate bandwidths on multi-homed mobile hosts.
Improving loss resilience with multi-radio diversity in wireless networks.
A directionality based location discovery scheme for wireless sensor networks.
Computationally efficient scheduling with the physical interference model for throughput improvement in wireless mesh networks.
Mobility helps security in ad hoc networks.
Accuracy characterization for metropolitan-scale Wi-Fi localization.
Mix and Match: Secure Function Evaluation via Ciphertexts.
SensorSim: a simulation framework for sensor networks.
Sentence Level Discourse Parsing using Syntactic and Lexical Information.
Weighted Voronoi stippling.
Declaring and checking non-null types in an object-oriented language.
Regular Types for Active Objects.
A Dynamic Optimization Framework for a Java Just-In-Time Compiler.
Better Static Memory Management: Improving Region-Based Analysis of Higher-Order Languages.
Refinement-based context-sensitive points-to analysis for Java.
`C: A Language for High-Level, Efficient, and Machine-Independent Dynamic Code Generation.
Region-based shape analysis with tracked locations.
Array Data-Flow Analysis and its Use in Array Privatization.
Data Flow Analysis is Model Checking of Abstract Interpretations.
Practical Design of Globally-Asynchronous Locally-Synchronous Systems.
Taking DCOP to the Real World: Efficient Complete Solutions for Distributed Multi-Event Scheduling.
How bodies matter: five themes for interaction design.
Scheduling real-time applications in an open environment.
A Scalable Solution to the Multi-Resource QoS Problem.
MPI versus MPI+OpenMP on IBM SP for the NAS Benchmarks.
Detecting Coarse - Grain Parallelism Using an Interprocedural Parallelizing Compiler.
Semantic Annotation, Indexing, and Retrieval.
Virtual ring routing: network routing inspired by DHTs.
Concurrent Online Tracking of Mobile Users.
Locating internet routing instabilities.
IP Multicast Channels: EXPRESS Support for Large-scale Single-source Applications.
The causes of path inflation.
Shield: vulnerability-driven network filters for preventing known vulnerability exploits.
Dcell: a scalable and fault-tolerant network structure for data centers.
Wavelet radiosity.
Simulating decorative mosaics.
Shape transformation for polyhedral objects.
Integrating word relationships into language models.
Stable Algorithms for Link Analysis.
Selecting good expansion terms for pseudo-relevance feedback.
MYSTIQ: a system for finding more answers by using probabilities.
Independence is Good: Dependency-Based Histogram Synopses for High-Dimensional Data.
A Performance Analysis of View Materialization Strategies.
On the Semantics of the Relational Data Model.
An Overview of the PL.8 Compiler.
A classification system and analysis for aspect-oriented programs.
Clustering in Large Graphs and Matrices.
Stitching: pen gestures that span multiple displays.
VirtualPower: coordinated power management in virtualized enterprise systems.
High performance dynamic lock-free hash tables and list-based sets.
Directed Explicit Model Checking with HSF-SPIN.
Open Key Exchange: How to Defeat Dictionary Attacks Without Encrypting Public Keys.
Deterministic Simulation in LOGSPACE
Rational secret sharing and multiparty computation: extended abstract.
Online Minimization of Transition Systems (Extended Abstract)
Exponential Separation of Quantum and Classical Communication Complexity.
Non-approximability results for optimization problems on bounded degree instances.
The ForSpec Temporal Logic: A New Temporal Property-Specification Language.
Syntactic Detection of Process Divergence and Non-local Choice inMessage Sequence Charts.
Automation and customization of rendered web pages.
Topiary: a tool for prototyping location-enhanced applications.
LetterWise: prefix-based disambiguation for mobile text input.
My Cache or Yours? Making Storage More Exclusive.
Using Valgrind to Detect Undefined Value Errors with Bit-Precision.
Disseminating Updates on Broadcast Disks.
A Framework for Projected Clustering of High Dimensional Data Streams.
Rewriting XPath Queries Using Materialized Views.
Efficient Algorithms for Processing XPath Queries.
Preferences; Putting More Knowledge into Queries.
The Design of XPRS.
Static Compaction Techniques to Control Scan Vector Power Dissipation.
Design and Implementation of a Special-Purpose Static Program Analyzer for Safety-Critical Real-Time Embedded Software.
Rushing attacks and defense in wireless ad hoc network routing protocols.
SeRLoc: secure range-independent localization for wireless sensor networks.
Semantic similarity between search engine queries using temporal correlation.
Defeating script injection attacks with browser-enforced embedded policies.
Detecting near-duplicates for web crawling.
Multiway SLCA-based keyword search in XML data.
Adaptive control of virtualized resources in utility computing environments.
A Polymorphic Type System for Prolog.
Tractable Reasoning via Approximation.
Creating High-Level Components with a Generative Representation for Body-Brain Evolution.
Mismatch string kernels for discriminative protein classification.
Expected Time Bounds for Selection.
Structure and evolution of blogspace.
Multicast Routing Extensions for OSPF.
Talking to UNIX in English: An Overview of UC.
Latency and player actions in online games.
A spectrum of logical definitions of model-based diagnosis.
The SLAM Toolkit.
Computing Abstractions of Infinite State Systems Compositionally and Automatically.
Forwarding Group Multicast Protocol (FGMP) for multihop, mobile wireless networks.
WebBase: a repository of Web pages.
The monotone circuit complexity of Boolean functions.
Similar-Shape Retrieval in Shape Data Management.
Practical Reasoning for Expressive Description Logics
Rarest First and Choke Algorithms Are Enough
Computing Nash Equilibria: Approximation and Smoothed Complexity
Automatic thresholding of gray-level pictures using two-dimensional entropy.
Attribute Openings, Thinnings, and Granulometries.
Parameterized Modeling and Recognition of Activities.
The Design and Implementation of Tripwire: A File System Integrity Checker.
Knowledge management and data mining for marketing.
Internal Organization of the Alpha 21164, a 300-MHz 64-bit Quad-issue CMOS RISC Microprocessor
Computing Nash Equilibria: Approximation and Smoothed Complexity.
Retargetable and Reconfigurable Software Dynamic Translation.
If not now, when?: the effects of interruption at different moments within task execution.
High precision touch screen interaction.
Alternatives: exploring information appliances through conceptual design proposals.
Papier-Mache: toolkit support for tangible input.
Large Occlusion Stereo.
Empirical research in on-line trust: a review and critical assessment.
A Security Model for Aglets.
Learning Read-Once Formulas with Queries.
Optimal Code Generation for Expression Trees.
Noise-tolerant learning, the parity problem, and the statistical query model.
On Databases with Incomplete Information.
Software reliability via run-time result-checking.
Mining sequential patterns with constraints in large databases.
Efficient Enumeration of Frequent Sequences.
Characterizing and Predicting Program Behavior and its Variability.
Provably Good Mesh Generation.
NP-Complete Scheduling Problems.
Quantitative Deduction and its Fixpoint Theory.
Fast Kernel Classifiers with Online and Active Learning.
On Model Selection Consistency of Lasso.
Experimental Quantum Cryptography.
On Choosing a Task Assignment Policy for a Distributed Server System.
Data Optimization: Allocation of Arrays to Reduce Communication on SIMD Machines.
Synthesizing multimodal utterances for conversational agents.
Error Reduction through Learning Multiple Descriptions.
On the Learnability and Design of Output Codes for Multiclass Problems.
Symbolic and Neural Learning Algorithms: An Experimental Comparison.
Kernel Matching Pursuit.
The approximation power of moving least-squares.
Boundary Detection by Constrained Optimization.
Monitoring Activities from Multiple Video Streams: Establishing a Common Coordinate Frame.
Tracking Deformable Objects in the Plane Using an Active Contour Model.
Matching 2.5D Face Scans to 3D Models.
Automatic Sign Language Analysis: A Survey and the Future beyond Lexical Meaning.
Scale-Based Detection of Corners of Planar Curves.
Techniques for Assessing Polygonal Approximations of Curves.
Toward Objective Evaluation of Image Segmentation Algorithms.
Pattern recognition with moment invariants: A comparative study and new results.
Fingerprint pattern classification.
A Personal View of Average-Case Complexity.
The Fourier-series method for inverting transforms of probability distributions.
Survey propagation: An algorithm for satisfiability.
On-Line Planarity Testing.
The Complexity of Counting in Sparse, Regular, and Planar Graphs.
Complexity of Scheduling Parallel Task Systems.
Computing Edge-Connectivity in Multigraphs and Capacitated Graphs.
Undetectable On-line Password Guessing Attacks.
An Efficient Reliable Broadcast Protocol.
A Model-Based Interface Development Environment.
EVENODD: An Efficient Scheme for Tolerating Double Disk Failures in RAID Architectures.
A Variation on the Hypercube with Lower Diameter.
Generalized Measures of Fault Tolerance with Application to N-Cube Networks.
Commutativity-Based Concurrency Control for Abstract Data Types.
Reachability Analysis of Dynamical Systems Having Piecewise-Constant Derivatives.
An interpolating theorem prover.
Modal Logics for Mobile Processes.
On Multiple Context-Free Grammars.
A Scalable and Highly Available Web Server.
Tree-based group key agreement.
Efficient Storage Techniques for Digital Continuous Multimedia.
On Three Types of Covering-Based Rough Sets.
SpeechSkimmer: A System for Interactively Skimming Recorded Speech.
User Interface Software Tools.
Description logics of minimal knowledge and negation as failure.
A Dynamic Processor Allocation Policy for Multiprogrammed Shared-memory Multiprocessors.
A Dynamic Network Architecture.
Secure Statistical Databases with Random Sample Queries.
Expressiveness and complexity of XML Schema.
Eyes alive.
Synthesis of complex dynamic character motion from simple animations.
Fair morse functions for extracting the topological structure of a surface mesh.
Graphical modeling and animation of ductile fracture.
Motion doodles: an interface for sketching character motion.
Keyframe control of smoke simulations.
Improved Computational Methods for Ray Tracing.
Real-time KD-tree construction on graphics hardware.
End-to-end congestion control schemes: utility functions, random losses and ECN marks.
Some principles for designing a wide-area WDM optical network.
Type Classes in Haskell.
Concurrent Reading While Writing.
A Meta-Environment for Generating Programming Environments.
Integrated coverage and connectivity configuration for energy conservation in sensor networks.
Hipikat: A Project Memory for Software Development.
Distributed Feature Composition: A Virtual Architecture for Telecommunications Services.
Polymetric Views - A Lightweight Visual Approach to Reverse Engineering.
Simplification and Repair of Polygonal Models Using Volumetric Techniques.
Low-power digital systems based on adiabatic-switching principles.
Group Modeling: Selecting a Sequence of Television Items to Suit a Group of Viewers.
COLLAGEN: A Collaboration Manager for Software Interface Agents.
Amit - the situation manager.
Semantic annotation, indexing, and retrieval.
Internet traffic classification demystified: myths, caveats, and the best practices.
Patterns of Contact and Communication in Scientific Research Collaboration.
Fragmented Interaction: Establishing Mutual Orientation in Virtual Environments.
Adaptive and Intelligent Web-based Educational Systems.
Cross-layer wireless bit rate adaptation.
Cutting the electric bill for internet-scale systems.
Workflows and e-Science: An overview of workflow system features and capabilities.
A Stereo Machine for Video-Rate Dense Depth Mapping and Its New Applications.
Metric Rectification for Perspective Images of Planes.
Measuring Information Technology Payoff: A Meta - Analysis of Structural Variables in Firm - Level Empirical Research.
COSMOS: A Compiled Simulator for MOS Circuits.
TCG: A Transitive Closure Graph-Based Representation for Non-Slicing Floorplans.
Automatic Generation of Application-Specific Architectures for Heterogeneous Multiprocessor System-on-Chip.
DAG-aware AIG rewriting a fresh look at combinational logic synthesis.
Modeling and minimization of PMOS NBTI effect for robust nanometer design.
Compressing XML with Multiplexed Hierarchical PPM Models.
OilEd: a Reason-able Ontology Editor for the Semantic Web.
Methodological Framework for Data Warehouse Design.
Class-Specific, Top-Down Segmentation.
Partitioned Sampling, Articulated Objects, and Interface-Quality Hand Tracking.
Unsupervised Learning of Models for Recognition.
The Semantics of CLEAR, A Specification Language.
Query by Visual Example - Content based Image Retrieval.
Collision Free Hash Functions and Public Key Signature Schemes.
Indistinguishability of Random Systems.
Modelling the Competence of Case-Bases.
Interpreting Face Images Using Active Appearance Models.
Unification-based Multimodal Integration.
Towards a Model of Face-to-Face Grounding.
Approximation Algorithms for Classification Problems with Pairwise Relationships: Metric Labeling and Markov Random Fields.
Finding Maximal Repetitions in a Word in Linear Time.
Randomized Byzantine Generals
Extracting Randomness from Samplable Distributions.
Contrastive Estimation: Training Log-Linear Models on Unlabeled Data.
Slide Attacks.
Impulse: Building a Smarter Memory Controller.
Design and Evaluation of a Resource Selection Framework for Grid Applications.
Resource Allocation for Autonomic Data Centers using Analytic Performance Models.
Dynamic Pricing in the Presence of Inventory Considerations: Research Overview, Current Practices, and Future Directions.
SNOPT: An SQP Algorithm for Large-Scale Constrained Optimization.
Nonmonotone Spectral Projected Gradient Methods on Convex Sets.
Beyond Distance Measurement: Constructing Neighborhood Similarity for Video Annotation.
COLLAGEN: When Agents Collaborate with People.
Communication in reactive multiagent robotic systems.
Extracting Straight Lines.
Stochastic Relaxation, Gibbs Distributions, and the Bayesian Restoration of Images.
Genetic Programming for Feature Discovery and Image Discrimination.
Design and Evaluation of MiMaze, a Multi-Player Game on the Internet.
Unifying collaborative and content-based filtering.
Anomaly Detection over Noisy Data using Learned Probability Distributions.
Accelerated training of conditional random fields with stochastic gradient methods.
General AIMD Congestion Control.
Unified Video Annotation via Multigraph Learning.
Synergism in Low Level Vision.
Solving the Small Sample Size Problem of LDA.
Cooperative cache partitioning for chip multiprocessors.
Tool-Supported Program Abstraction for Finite-State Verification.
Cadena: An Integrated Development, Analysis, and Verification Environment for Component-based Systems.
An Empirical Study of Global Software Development: Distance and Speed.
The Inscape Environment.
Incremental Regression Testing.
A Uniform Integration of Higher-Order Reasoning and External Evaluations in Answer-Set Programming.
Properties and prediction of flow statistics from sampled packet streams.
Avoiding traceroute anomalies with Paris traceroute.
Routing Algorithms for DHTs: Some Open Questions.
Comparative Evaluation of Latency Reducing and Tolerating Techniques.
Power and Performance Evaluation of Globally Asynchronous Locally Synchronous Processors.
A Class of Compatible Cache Consistency Protocols and their Support by the IEEE Futurebus.
Mylar: a degree-of-interest model for IDEs.
Estimating Curvatures and Their Derivatives on Triangle Meshes.
Minimized power consumption for scan-based BIST.
A Java fork/join framework.
Name disambiguation in author citations using a K-way spectral clustering method.
Accurate decision trees for mining high-speed data streams.
Compressed Data Cubes for OLAP Aggregate Query Approximation on Continuous Dimensions.
Beyond streams and graphs: dynamic tensor analysis.
ISDN-MIXes: Untraceable Communication with Small Bandwidth Overhead.
An Infrastructure for Collaborating Mobile Agents.
Streamlining Inter-Operation Memory Communication via Data Dependence Prediction.
Managing Distributed, Shared L2 Caches through OS-Level Page Allocation.
Meghdoot: Content-Based Publish/Subscribe over P2P Networks.
Adapting Packet Fair Queueing Algorithms to Wireless Networks.
Modeling mobility for vehicular ad-hoc networks.
Constrained random walks on random graphs: routing algorithms for large scale wireless sensor networks.
Micro-Blog: sharing and querying content through mobile phones and social participation.
On Privacy Models for RFID.
Automatic detection and repair of errors in data structures.
System Architecture Directions for Networked Sensors.
Space Efficient Conservative Garbage Collection.
A practical automatic polyhedral parallelizer and locality optimizer.
CheckFence: checking consistency of concurrent data types on relaxed memory models.
Fault-Containing Self-Stabilizing Algorithms.
A New Framework For Itemset Generation.
The Web as a Graph.
Incremental Program Testing Using Program Dependence Graphs.
From Region Inference to von Neumann Machines via Region Representation Inference.
A generic approach to the static analysis of concurrent programs with procedures.
Lamarckian Evolution, The Baldwin Effect and Function Optimization.
Searching social networks.
Distributed Computing in a Heterogeneous Computing Environment.
ALMA: a layered model of affect.
Polynomial Time Inference of Extended Regular Pattern Languages.
Coalition formation with uncertain heterogeneous information.
An Adaptive Striping Architecture for Flash Memory Storage Systems of Embedded System.
From Secrecy to Authenticity in Security Protocols.
GPU Cluster for High Performance Computing.
On-the-fly detection of data races for programs with nested fork-join parallelism.
Dimensions of Meaning.
Congestion control and fairness for many-to-one routing in sensor networks.
The BikeNet mobile sensing system for cyclist experience mapping.
Filling Holes in Meshes.
Management of Large Amounts of Data in Interactive Building Walkthroughs.
A protocol-independent technique for eliminating redundant network traffic.
Teaching objects-first in introductory computer science.
Predicting the drape of woven cloth using interacting particles.
Superior Augmented Reality Registration by Integrating Landmark Tracking and Magnetic Tracking.
Hairy brushes.
A global illumination solution for general reflectance distributions.
Anatomically based modeling.
What TCP/IP protocol headers can tell us about the web.
Clustering and sharing incentives in BitTorrent systems.
Holistic Aggregates in a Networked World: Distributed Tracking of Approximate Quantiles.
Neptune: a Hypertext System for CAD Applications.
Efficient Evaluation of XML Middle-ware Queries.
Deterministic broadcasting in unknown radio networks.
Adaptive set intersections, unions, and differences.
Explicit constructions of selectors and related combinatorial structures, with applications.
Efficient algorithms for document retrieval problems.
IRON file systems.
Stateful Intrusion Detection for High-Speed Networks.
Kronos: A Scalable Group Re-Keying Approach for Secure Multicast.
BIND: A Fine-Grained Attestation Service for Secure Distributed Systems.
Fault-Tolerant Quantum Computation With Constant Error.
On-line load balancing with applications to machine scheduling and virtual circuit routing.
The minimum latency problem.
On the complexity of equilibria.
Simpler and better approximation algorithms for network design.
Nondeterminism and the Size of Two Way Finite Automata
Bypassing the embedding: algorithms for low dimensional metrics.
View management for virtual and augmented reality.
Copilot - a Coprocessor-based Kernel Runtime Integrity Monitor.
Interactive ray tracing for isosurface rendering.
Scalable Sweeping-Based Spatial Join.
Offering a Precision-Performance Tradeoff for Aggregation Queries over Replicated Data.
Eager Aggregation and Lazy Aggregation.
Minimality Attack in Privacy Preserving Data Publishing.
Scan Vector Compression/Decompression Using Statistical Coding.
Importing the Semantic Web in UDDI.
Ranking the web frontier.
TEAM: An Experiment in the Design of Transportable Natural-Language Interfaces.
Is cross-validation valid for small-sample microarray classification?
Efficient sorting of genomic permutations by translocation, inversion and block interchange.
Predictors of Online Buying Behavior.
The role of adaptive hypermedia in a context-aware tourist GUIDE.
Algorithm 65: find.
A Syntax Directed Compiler for ALGOL 60.
Applications of Machine Learning and Rule Induction.
Using handhelds and PCs together.
Pilot: An Operating System for a Personal Computer.
Experiences with the Amoeba Distributed Operating System.
Symmetric list processor.
BLISS: A Language for Systems Programming.
Pervasive games: bringing computer entertainment back to the real world.
Checking Satisfiability of First-Order Formulas by Incremental Translation to SAT.
Mediacups: experience with design and use of computer-augmented everyday artefacts.
Symbolic Model Checking with Rich ssertional Languages.
The Reliability of a Dialogue Structure Coding Scheme.
Introduction to the Special Issue on the Web as Corpus.
Scalable Shape Analysis for Systems Code.
Unit disk graph recognition is NP-hard.
Scaling to the End of Silicon with EDGE Architectures.
PACT: An Experiment in Integrating Concurrent Engineering Systems.
RSIM: Simulating Shared-Memory Multiprocessors with ILP Processors.
Collective Communication in Wormhole-Routed Massively Parallel Computers.
Random Constraint Satisfaction: Flaws and Structure.
Learning to Resolve Natural Language Ambiguities: A Unified Approach
Forgetting Exceptions is Harmful in Language Learning
Replica Selection in the Globus Data Grid
Combinatorial Auctions with Decreasing Marginal Utilities
Reasoning with Individuals for the Description Logic SHIQ
AS Relationships: Inference and Validation
A Taxonomy of Data Grids for Distributed Data Sharing, Management and Processing
A taxonomy of Data Grids for distributed data sharing, management, and processing.
Image understanding for iris biometrics: A survey.
Implementing a distributed firewall.
Modeling insider attacks on group key-exchange protocols.
An Extension to SQL for Mining Association Rules.
A trust-based consumer decision-making model in electronic commerce: The role of trust, perceived risk, and their antecedents.
Using Machine Learning to Focus Iterative Optimization.
Compiler Optimization-Space Exploration.
A Diary Study of Work-Related Reading: Design Implications for Digital Reading Devices.
Off-task behavior in the cognitive tutor classroom: when students "game the system".
Talk and Embodiment in Collaborative Virtual Environments.
Wayfinding Strategies and Behaviors in Large Virtual Worlds.
Compositional pattern producing networks: A novel abstraction of development.
Reasoning about Termination of Pure Prolog Programs
Inheritance as Implicit Coercion
One-Unambiguous Regular Languages.
Slash(dot) and burn: distributed moderation in a large online conversation space.
Terrestrial cosmic rays.
A Desk Supporting Computer-Based Interaction with Paper Documents.
Timespace in the workplace: dealing with interruptions.
AROMA: Abstract Representation of Presence Supporting Mutual Awareness.
The cost structure of sensemaking.
Exploring 3D navigation: combining speed-coupled flying with orbiting.
Optical Flow Constraints on Deformable Models with Applications to Face Tracking.
Catadioptric Projective Geometry.
A Theoretical Framework for Convex Regularizers in PDE-Based Computation of Image Motion.
Modeling the World from Internet Photo Collections.
High Precision Touchscreens: Design Strategies and Comparisons with a Mouse.
A diary study of mobile information needs.
Summarizing Similarities and Differences Among Related Documents.
The complexity of acyclic conjunctive queries.
A Proof Procedure Using Connection Graphs.
Program Improvement by Source-to-Source Transformation.
Some Contributions to the Metatheory of the Situation Calculus.
Tree-Manipulating Systems and Church-Rosser Theorems.
Deciding Linear Inequalities by Computing Loop Residues.
A Separator Theorem for Graphs of Bounded Genus.
Monte-Carlo Approximation Algorithms for Enumeration Problems.
Voting for candidates: adapting data fusion techniques for an expert search task.
Monadic Parsing in Haskell.
The Philosophy of Information Retrieval Evaluation.
The Complexity of Linear Problems in Fields.
Multivariate Decision Trees.
Linear Programming Boosting via Column Generation.
Benchmarking Least Squares Support Vector Machine Classifiers.
Asynchronous Stochastic Approximation and Q-Learning.
Mobile Commerce: Framework, Applications and Networking Support.
A Near-Optimal Solution to a Two-Dimensional Cutting Stock Problem.
Training a 3-node neural network is NP-complete.
The Image Foresting Transform: Theory, Algorithms, and Applications.
A Texture-Based Method for Modeling the Background and Detecting Moving Objects.
Simultaneous Feature Selection and Clustering Using Mixture Models.
A Linear Time Algorithm for Computing Exact Euclidean Distance Transforms of Binary Images in Arbitrary Dimensions.
TextFinder: An Automatic System to Detect and Recognize Text In Images.
Adaptive Support-Weight Approach for Correspondence Search.
Moving object recognition in eigenspace representation: gait analysis and lip reading.
2D and 3D face recognition: A survey.
Ray Shooting and Parametric Search.
Learning in the Presence of Malicious Errors.
The Ultimate Planar Convex Hull Algorithm?
Deciding Equivalence of Finite Tree Automata.
A Strip-Packing Algorithm with Absolute Performance Bound 2.
Chernoff-Hoeffding Bounds for Applications with Limited Independence.
Wrapper Generation for Semi-structured Internet Sources.
A Case for Intelligent Disks (IDISKs).
Comparative Analysis of Six XML Schema Languages.
Consistent query answering in databases.
Grids and Grid technologies for wide-area distributed computing.
Waypoint navigation with a vibrotactile waist belt.
Stabilizing Communication Protocols.
The Deferrable Server Algorithm for Enhanced Aperiodic Responsiveness in Hard Real-Time Environments.
The Superthreaded Processor Architecture.
A Graph Model for Unsupervised Lexical Acquisition.
Game Theory, On-Line Prediction and Boosting.
Reconstructing Convex Polyominoes from Horizontal and Vertical Projections.
Redundant Noisy Attributes, Attribute Errors, and Linear-Threshold Learning Using Winnow.
Precise Interprocedural Dataflow Analysis with Applications to Constant Propagation.
Recent Advances of Grammatical Inference.
Feature Selection via Discretization.
COCA: A secure distributed online certification authority.
Computer puppetry: An importance-based approach.
